The legend is of King Asura (popularly known as Maveli), a mythical king who ruled over Kerala. He was greatly respected in his kingdom and was considered to be wise, and extremely generous. Everybody was happy in his kingdom. There was no discrimination on the basis of caste or class. Rich and poor were treated equally. There was neither crime, nor corruption. Due to his popularity, the Gods became extremely concerned and jealous. They felt threatened and decided to end his reign. They asked Lord Vishnu to go to earth in the form of a dwarf Brahmin. Disguised as Vamana, Vishnu requested Mahabali for 3 feet of land. Kind Mahabali granted him the land, Vamana began to expand and eventually increased himself to the size of cosmic proportions. With his first step, the Brahmin boy covered the whole of earth and with the other step he covered the whole of the skies. He then asked the King where is the space for him to keep the third foot. King Mahabali with folded hands bowed before Vamana and asked him to place his last step on his head so that he could keep the promise. The brahmin placed his foot on the head of the King and trampled Mahabali to the netherworld. There, the King requested Lord Vishnu to be allowed to visit his land and people once a year, and Vishnu granted him his wish. It is the day of the visit of King Mahabali to Kerala that is celebrated as Onam every year. The origin of Onam is beliefs from the Thrikakkara Vamana Moorthi Temple in Ernakulam district of Kerala.

according to the Documents on the Persian Gulf's name it is very natural that in Arabicizing the words sometimes A is added to the words like Asfehan Isfahan in Arabic from the word Persian word SEPAHAN .
during the period Iranian Intermezzo native Persian Muslim dynasties the word ajam and persian both were used to refer to Iranian.
Many Arabic sources refer to Persian language as Ajami language or Ajmo. Persian is the official language in Iran as "Parsi" and "Farsi", in Afghanistan as Parsi and Dari, and Tajiki in Tajikistan, Persian in Bahrain is called "Ajami" and in Kuwait "Ayami" . In classical Arabic, especially in the first centuries of the Islamic period, the Persian language was called "the language of the Ajam" لسان العجم, and the Iranian people were called the "Ajami" and the persian gulf was called Ajam Gulf, in many books and deed, Tafsir al-Zahak The oldest commentary on Quran wrote on page 524 " In Surah An-Nahl, verse 103,the word Ajami refers to Salman Farsi and says Ajami is the Persians. .also Arabic word for dictionary is mo'jam (moajam) that means definition of the non Arabs(ajam) word.
According to "The Political Language of Islam", during the Islamic Golden Age, 'Ajam' was used colloquially as a reference to denote those whom Arabs in the Arabian Peninsula viewed as "alien" or outsiders. The early application of the term included all of the "non-Arab "peoples with whom the Arabs had contact including Persians, Byzantine Greeks, Ethiopians, Armenians, Assyrians, Mandaeans, Arameans, Jews, Georgians, Sabians, Samaritans, Egyptians, and Berbers.

The Medal of Honor could also be received for actions that happened in peacetime, such as conflicts in which the United States is neutral as well as non-combat related incidents outside the warzone. 209 military personnel earned the medal in this way. 15 United States Navy sailors and a United States Marine were awarded for actions against "opposing foreign force(s)" (a different term than "enemy" which applies between two or more parties engaged in war) during the attacks on Pearl Harbor and Midway by the Japanese respectively on December 7, 1941. Most of these medals were presented to members of the United States Navy for rescuing or attempting to rescue someone from drowning. One of those awarded the Medal of Honor for rescuing others was Fireman Second Class Trinidad, who as of 2010 has been the only Asian American Sailor to be awarded the Medal of Honor. In addition to the medals that were presented for lifesaving acts, one Medal of Honor was presented to William Halford who sailed in a small boat for 31 days to get help for the other members of the USS "Saginaw" who had been stranded on an island. Three explorers were also presented with the medal by special acts of Congress. Charles Lindbergh received the medal for flying the first solo non-stop flight across the Atlantic Ocean as well as Floyd Bennett and Richard Evelyn Byrd who received it for their participation in what was thought to be the first successful heavier-than-air flight to the North Pole and back. One recipient, Adolphus W. Greely received his for a lifetime of military service.

Seeing the success of the mujahideen, the UN and senior leaders of several Afghan mujahideen parties decided to meet in Peshawar to try to form a new neutral acting Afghan government to replace Najibullah's regime. The UN presented a plan to the mujahideen groups to form a pre-interim council and accept formal sovereignty from President Najibullah. In March 1992, Najibullah announced his cooperation to resign in order to make way for a new neutral acting government. With this announcement, he lost internal control. In April 1992, Kabul came completely under the control of the interim government, with the hope for a new era. But the situation quickly spiraled into escalation. Throughout the negotiation process, mujahideen forces were stationed outside Kabul city. In the spring of 1992, at least five mujahideen groups fell out and started fighting each other to take control over Kabul. Parties involved in the conflict were the Jamiat-e Islami group (led byAhmad Shah Massoud), the Hezb-e Islami group (led by Gulbuddin Hekmatyar), the Hezb-i Wahdat group (led by Abdul Ali Mazari, the Ittehad-e Islami group (led by Abdul Rasul Sayyaf) and the Junbish-i Islami group (led by Abdul Rashid Dostum). By the end of 1992, the city of Kabul was badly damaged, thousands of civilians had been killed, and half a million residents were forced to flee. In November 1994, a new group entered the scene: the Taliban. They gradually gained the upper hand in the conflict, conquered Kabul in September 1996, and took control over Afghanistan altogether.

The group released their first studio album entitled "XOXO" in June 2013 with two versions, Korean edition "Kiss" and the "Hug" mandarin. EXO-K and EXO-M did their promotions jointly; mainly in South Korea. EXO recorded the single main "Wolf" but the rest of the songs they recorded separately. The two versions collectively ranked number 1 in Billboard World Albums Chart a week after release.
The repackage album entitled "Growl", was released on August 5, 2013, with three additional new tracks. The single reissue, "Growl", was released on August 1, 2013. "Growl" achieved 10.554 points in "Inkigayo". "Growl" headlined at number 1 in the four most important music programs in Korea, winning a total of ten trophies in three consecutive weeks. The single was number 3 in Korea K-Pop Hot 100 of Billboard and number 2 in Gaon Chart. In December 2013, two versions of "XOXO", sold 1,000,000 copies, marking to EXO as the first Korean artist to sell a million copies in twelve years and broke the record for fastest selling K-pop act. "XOXO" was named the Album of the Year in 2013 at Mnet Asian Music Awards, making EXO as the youngest boyband in the prize.They won the 'Disk Daesang' award at several award ceremonies such as the Golden Disk Awards and Seoul Music Awards. The second EP of the band entitled "Miracles in December" was officially released on December 9, 2013 as a special album of winter through commercial outlets in South Korea and online music stores. Baekhyun, Chen and D.O. sing the single main of the album "Miracles in December", in "M! Countdown", December 5. Luhan also joined the trio on stage for the promotions of the first single on other music programs.

The name Cossack itself literally means "free man". The term was first used in the year 1395. The most well known Cossacks are the Ukrainian Cossacks from Zaporizhzhia and the Russian Cossacks (Kazaks) from Don, Terek, Kuban and Ural areas. They started after the Mongols attacked Kievan Rus. Eventually Russian Cossacks guarded land for the Russian government. Cossacks were in the Russian army in some wars throughout the 1800s and 1900s. They were mostly responsible for conquering land in Central Asia and the Caucasus for the Russian Empire. In behalf of the Russian Imperial Empire, they conquered lands as far east as Siberia and even in Alaska which they conquered. Alaska was later sold to the USA however the lands they conquered in the far east Russia such as Siberia are still part of Russia today making Russia the largest country in the world by land size. They conquered places in Caucasus too for example the rebellious states of Chechnya and Dagestan. They were also responsible for destroying many Turkic states in both the Caucasus and Central Asia due to their conquests for the Russian Empire. They subdued Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan and were responsible for adding these states to the huge Russian Empire. They also invaded Armenia due to calls of support by the Armenians against the Ottoman Empire and in doing so, they conquered Azerbaijan and annexed both Armenia and Azerbaijan to their empire and defeated the Ottomans many times in northeastern Turkey. In the Russian Civil War most fought against the Red Army but some were "Red Cossacks" who fought on behalf of the Bolsheviks. In Soviet times, the Cossacks' life was subject to a lot of Bolshevik attacks and Cossack lands survived several famines. Cossack armies fought on both sides in the Second World War. In Russia today, Cossacks are ethnic descendants or are in the Cossack army and often both.

Château de Montsoreau-Museum of contemporary art project began in November 2014. In June 2015, Philippe Méaille and created a surprise in France, jointly announcing the signing of a long-term lease (between the Maine-et-Loire department and Philippe Méaille) on the Chateau de Montsoreau property. The Château de Montsoreau-Museum of Contemporary Art becoming the first Château of the Loire Valley to be transformed into a museum of contemporary art. Despite the desire of both parties to create an international museum of contemporary art, and the ability from Méaille to endowing it with the world's largest collection of works by the radical conceptualists of Art & Language, and to seize the opportunity to develop the international tourist audience of the Loire Valley, the announcement created controversy. Frédéric Béatse, former Mayor of Angers, and socialist political leader, protests against what he calls « a sale of a jewel of the department to a private foreign player ». Gérard Persin (mayor of Montsoreau), and Christian Gillet both reacted very quickly to these protests during a press conference. Gérard Persin stated: « It is a pride to have been chosen to host a center of contemporary art of international stature ». Christian Gillet put the project in its international ambition and potential development for the territory: « The idea of Philippe Méaille, connoisseur and lover of the site, is to install a center of contemporary art featuring his collection, already world famous and renowned, we have considered an interesting challenge ». And Philippe Méaille clarified his intentions: « This public-private partnership appeared to us as an innovative solution that will be integrated into the Saumur territory in its entirety: Saumur and its agglomeration but also the nearby Fontevraud Abbey ».

When the American Express Company was founded in 1850 it was an “express business”. This meant that it was a private company whose business was to carry money, packages or valuable things from one place to another. The US Postal Service had only recently begun. They delivered letters, but not large parcels. This is why some people started small “express businesses”. An express messenger would carry money in a money bag. He would travel by train or stagecoach. The trains were very slow and often came off the rails. The stagecoaches travelled on terrible roads which were much too bumpy for the horses to trot. It was a time when many people were going to California and other areas in the west of the US. There was a lot of demand for money to be transferred from one part of the country to another. This is why the American Express company was started.
Two very important people in the express business at the time were Henry Wells and William G. Fargo. They had formed a partnership in 1844. When the American Express was formed its headquarters were in a building in Manhattan, New York. Three other companies merged to form the new company. They soon bought several other buildings nearby to use as stables for their horses. For many years it was the most successful company transporting goods, securities, money etc. (these were called “express shipments”). In 1874 the American Express moved its headquarters to 65 Broadway in the financial district of Manhattan. It has been there ever since.

Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles use a fuel cell stack in order to convert the chemical energy that’s being stored in hydrogen into electrical energy. This energy will then be used to power an electric motor. A Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicle starts with Hydrogen gas being stored inside a high pressure tank located within the vehicle. The hydrogen is given to the fuel cell stack, which is made of an Anode, Cathode, and an Electrolyte. Hydrogen molecules from the storage tanks are then introduced into the anode compartment of each fuel cell. The Hydrogen molecules then usually encounter a catalyst which creates the electrochemical reaction. The electrochemical reaction is done with the help of the catalyst, which helps split the hydrogen molecules into protons, labeled “H+”, and electrons, labeled “e-”. Once this step is done, the protons move through the proton exchange membrane, while the electrons are forced to use an external circuit because the proton exchange membrane is very selective. The electrons flow through the external circuit, which creates an electrical current. This will power the electric motor in the vehicle. On the other hand, Oxygen is provided to the cathode inside the fuel cell stack, which has the electrons that have taken the external path, and the protons. While inside, they are all mixed to create water (H2O), which will be the only thing the car will leave behind. Using this technology, we are able to assure that Hydrogen Fuel Cell Vehicles will not produce anything that will harm the environment nor use any non-renewable resources aside from the transportation of the Hydrogen needed to power the vehicle.

Bernard Gay Marshall (August 23, 1875 - December 14, 1945) was an American writer. He wrote long stories about people who lived in the past. His stories were for children and young adults. One of his stories, "Cedric the Forester", was a Newbery Medal Honor Book in 1922.
Bernard Gay Marshall was born in North Easton, Massachusetts. His father was named Francis F. Marshall. His mother was named Helen F. Doten Marshall. He lived in North Easton until he grew up. He always wanted to be a writer who made up stories. He did not think he could earn much money by making up stories, so he worked at other jobs. Some of those jobs were playing music, writing down the words that people said when they talked about the law, and writing to tell people about how machines worked or about things that they could buy. During World War I he worked at making ships. In July 1903, Bernard Gay Marshall married Ida M. Conklin. They had one daughter. Her name was Harriet C. Marshall.
Bernard Gay Marshall wrote five adventure stories for children and young adults. He also wrote a lot of short stories and nonfiction articles for magazines. Some of these magazines were "Sunset", "Boys' Life", "St Nicholas", "Munsey's Magazine", "The American Magazine", and "The American Boy".
His first book, "Cedric the Forester", was made a Newbery Medal Honor Book in 1922. Some people said that Bernard Marshall's books were as good as Sir Walter Scott's books, but other people said they were not quite that good. A lot of people said that his books were so good that grown-ups and children should all read them.
All of these books were published by D. Appleton, and the pictures were drawn by J. Scott Williams.

Galvanax is the reigning champion of "Galaxy Warriors", the most popular intergalactic TV game show in the universe where contestants from all over the universe battle to prove who is the galaxy's mightiest warrior. He has become determined to make himself invincible by controlling the mythical Ninja Nexus Prism, which contains the supernatural Ninja Nexus Star. Meanwhile, the Prism, flying through space, lands at the house of Master Dane Romero, who chips off old fragments of the Prism's metallic coating, creating the legendary Ninja Steel. When Galvanax came to Earth soon after, Master Dane Romero fought him to keep him from obtaining the Nexus Star and apparently sacrificed himself to thwart Galvanax's plan, while in the process separating the Nexus Star into six separate Ninja Power Stars, though Galvanax and his minions Madame Odius and Ripcon made off with his son Brody. Ten years later, an enslaved Brody escapes from Galvanax's ship with the Prism, the Power Stars, and fellow slaves Redbot and Mick Kanic and returns to Earth, descending into the city of Summer Cove where they meet high school students Preston Tien, Sarah Thompson, Calvin Maxwell and Hayley Foster who manage to retrieve the Power Stars from the Prism and morph into the Ninja Steel Power Rangers. Furious at the outcome, Galvanax sends his warrior contestants down to Earth to steal the Prism where each epic battle against the Rangers is broadcast throughout the universe. Together, the Rangers must master their arsenal of Power Stars, Mega Morph Cycles, and Zords, that are all made from the Ninja Steel, in order to stop this evil threat and save the Earth from descruction. During their battles, they gain a new addition to their team in the form of country singer Levi Weston, who received his own Power Star and became the Gold Ranger. He is later revealed to be Brody's long lost brother Aiden.

Levon Mkrtchyan, (, ; born 25 February 1953, in Gyumri) is an Armenian movie director known for his documentaries "The Muses", "Paruyr Sevag", "Hovhannes Shiraz", "Mashtoc", "And There Was Light", "A Transcript for Independence", and many more. 
He studied in the Directing Department of the Yerevan Fine Arts and Theater Institute.
In 1978, he released his debut short movie "The Muses". In 1984, he graduated from the Directing Department of VGIK in Moscow. Since 1978, he has shot thirty-three documentaries. He filmed and has an incredible archive about well known Armenians, including the only film footage on Hovhannes Shiraz, incredible footage on Charles Aznavour visiting Armenia after the 1988 earthquake, the funeral of William Saroyan. Levon Mkrtchyan continues his contribution to the Armenian people by making more documentaries about the well known Armenians.1993 The Armenian Kingdom of Kilikia Footage includes the President of France - Francois Mitterand The President of Armenia - Levon Ter-Petrosyan. 
“Hayk” Studio of Documental movies is currently working on a documentary about William Saroyan, dedicated to the renowned Armenian American writer’s 100th Anniversary. 
The director of the movie is Levon Mkrtchyan, an accomplished and famous Armenian movie director who is known for his biographical documentaries about people who have had a great impact in the history of the Armenian nation (Jansem, Hovhannes Shiraz, Davit Anhaght, "My Komitas"). The filming will take place in the United States where William Saroyan was born and has lived most of his life. Additional filming will take place in France, Turkey, Russia and Armenia. Mr. Mkrtchyan already has an original footage from William Saroyan’s funeral ceremony which has taken place in Armenia. The narration of the movie is going to be offered to Al Pacino. “Hayk” Studio of Documental movies will collaborate with producers in the United States, to bring this exceptional project to life.

Conwy being located on the North Wales Coast and stretching into the Snowdonia National Park has very impressive and outstanding scenery. Although as mentioned earlier slate quarrying in some of these areas has left scaring on the landscape with “entire mountains chiseled away” Day (2002, PP36) in some areas. It is therefore crucial that Conwy is enlisting schemes to help preserve its environment for future generations. In 2016 the Welsh assembly government published the Environment for Wales act (2016). This act applies to all the public bodies in wales and aims to help Welsh local authorities by up to 80% by 2050 - Conwy Council (2017) and this features in both the corporate plan and the LDP for Conwy.  
They plan to do this by a number of objectives including implementing sustainable coastal and flooding defenses so properties and the coastline at risk are protected by a scheme, which is fit for purpose. Also the CBCC (2017) is aiming to improve recycling facilities and working with the Welsh government to increase recycling and reduce their Carbon footprint by investing in more renewable energies. In regards to renewable energy in this county they are trying to promote the development of a tidal lagoon in Colwyn Bay. This project would not only produce renewable low carbon energy for North Wales but can act as a coastal defense on the Conwy coastline and has potential to be used as a recreational facility. The County are also looking into other renewable energy schemes for the future decades. Leading on from this the CBCC (2017) state in there LDP that they are focusing on improving the landscape of areas that have been scared because of quarrying as mentioned earlier. This is in conjunction with the environment for Wales act (2016) and mentions that they are introducing agricultural grading to their land to ensure it returns its essential nutrients and increasing peat productions. Another scheme which is CBCC are looking to implement is a green wedge scheme. This involves promoting and encouraging the amount of green space available in the county and this is incorporated in both their LDP and corporate plan.

As Spider-Man, he then becomes a successful TV star. The career then goes to his head that one day at a studio, he refuses to stop a thief, saying that it is the job of the police, not that of a star. He then returns home to learn that his beloved Uncle Ben has been murdered and as Spider-Man, he angrily sets off to capture the killer. When he does, he is horrified to find that the man is none other than the Burglar he refused to subdue. Learning that with great power comes great responsibility, Spider-Man becomes a vigilante. After his uncle dies, Peter and his aunt become desperate for money, so he gets a job as a photographer at the "Daily Bugle" selling photos to J. Jonah Jameson, who seems to be jealous of Spider-Man and makes Spider-Man look bad in the paper. As he battles many enemies for the first time, Parker struggles to simultaneously juggle his personal life and costumed adventures. In time, he would then graduate from high school and enroll at Empire State University, where he meets roommate and best friend Harry Osborn and his second girlfriend (having been romantically involved with Betty Brant before), Gwen Stacy, Peter also discovers his best friend Harry has a drug problem and that Harry's father is revealed to be one of Spider-Man's nemeses the Green Goblin, Peter then attempts to give up his costumed identity. During his adventures, Spider-Man has made several friends and contacts within the superhero community, who often come to his aid when he faces problems he cannot solve.

After graduating from Baylor University in 1986, he continued honing his act in comedy clubs in the Southwest with new characters such as Peanut and Jose Jalapeño, but struggled against the perception he relates from fellow comedians that he was not a true a comedian because he relied on props. His experience at Catch a Rising Star in New York City served as a bitter confirmation of where ventriloquists stood in the comedic food chain, as the emcee at that club gave Dunham little respect. According to Dunham, after he arrived at the club in the evening and informed the emcee that he was a ventriloquist, the emcee reacted with derision, telling Dunham that he would be given a late time slot, and after that time slot came and passed, kept postponing Dunham's stage time until Dunham left the club. By the end of 1988, Dunham felt his career went as far as it could go in Texas, and he moved to Los Angeles, California, never having, as he has commented, "a real job", much to the concern of his parents, who assumed he would relegate his act to local venues such as church groups. When he first arrived in Los Angeles, the comedy in his act bombed. Dunham attributes to his underdeveloped comedy, explaining that while the characters' personalities were developed at that point, his jokes were not. In addition to this, the comedy world was not welcoming to ventriloquists, and his manager, Judi Brown-Marmel, did not use the word "ventriloquist" when finding bookings for him, choosing to present him as a comedy duo. After Dunham became friends with Mike Lacey, the owner of The Comedy & Magic Club in Hermosa Beach, Lacey gave Dunham a steady slot at the club, where Dunham sharpened his act by observing the techniques of comedians like Jerry Seinfeld, and taking the advice of colleague Bill Engvall, moving away from his G-Rated material toward edgier, more adult themes.

In 1991 Jayalalithaa became Tamil Nadu's youngest chief minister. Despite a monthly salary of Rs.1, she made a grand marriage for her foster son Sudhakaran, lavishly spending. In the 1996 election, the AIADMK was nearly wiped out . Jayalalithaa herself lost her seat. The new DMK government filed several corruption cases against her, and she spend time in jail. Her fortunes revived in the 1998 general election, as the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam became a key component of Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee government that her withdrawal of support thrown the BJP government without majority and further triggered to another general election just in a year in 1999.The AIADMK returned to power in 2001, although Jayalalithaa was personally disbarred from contesting due to the corruption cases. Within a few months of her taking oath as chief minister, in September 2001, she was disqualified from holding office and forced to cede the chair to minister O. Panneerselvam. Upon her acquittal six months later, Jayalalithaa returned as chief minister to complete her term. Noted for its ruthlessness to political opponents, many of whom were arrested in midnight raids, her government grew unpopular. Another period (2006–11) in the opposition followed, before Jayalalithaa was sworn in as chief minister for the fourth time after the AIADMK swept the 2011 assembly election. Her government received attention for its extensive social-welfare agenda, which included several subsidised -branded goods such as canteens, bottled water, salt and cement. Three years into her tenure, she was convicted in a disproportionate-assets case, rendering her disqualified to hold office. She returned as chief minister after being acquitted in May 2015. In the 2016 assembly election, she became the first Tamil Nadu chief minister since M.G.R in 1984 to be voted back into office. That September, she fell severely ill and, following 75 days of hospitalisation, died on 5 December 2016 due to cardiac arrest and became the first female chief minister in India to die in office.

Kailash Rao was her literary teacher who guided her literary activities. Kuntala Kumari enrolled herself as a member of ‘Nava Vidhan’, the ‘Brahmo Society’. She got wide applause when poems, ‘Anjali’ came out. She won praise from almost all the literary figures of Orissa. A leading cultural association of women conferred on her the title ‘Utkal Bharati’. Gopal Chandra Praharaj and Pallikabi Nanda Kishore Bal loved her and adopted her as their daughter. Kuntala Kumari joined a maternity welfare centre, which was newly opened at Cuttack in 1925. She left for Delhi on 1st July 1928. The same year she got married to Krishna Prasad. New phase of life began, yet she did not leave her writings. She had written in English : A True Patriotic Litterateur and Reflection of Her Literary Works on Gandhian Movement Dr. Janmejay Choudhury Bengali and Hindi and contributed to a number of nonOriya journals and edited a number of Hindi journals at Delhi. During her stay at Delhi, she presided over the ‘All India Arya Mahila Sammilani’ at Bareli. During this time also she was invited by the Allahabad University and Benaras Hindu University to deliver lectures. She was the president of the students federation at Aligarh. She was made the chair-person of a reputed social organisation founded by Harbilash Sarada for the introduction of widow marriage and abolition of child marriage. While at Delhi she took steps to encourage, publish and project Oriya literature. At Delhi, Kuntala Kumari was also associated with eminent writers like , Yeasshpal Jee Jain, S.H. Batsayan and a host of Hindi writers. ‘Hindi Pracharini Sabha’ conferred on her the title of ‘Bharat Kavinetri.’

5 Seconds of Summer started out with Luke Hemming making covers on YouTube and, then he invited Calum and Michael to the band as well, where they were quickly getting recognition. Later on, they were in need of a drummer which led them to Ashton Irwin on Facebook from a mutual friend, and they officially became a band on December 3 ,2011. Louis Tomlinson and Niall Horan from One Direction later directed their attention toward them. Over the years 5SOS released EP's like "Somewhere New (2012), Unplugged (2012), Don't Stop (2014), Good Girls (2014), Amnesia (2014), and She's Kinda Hot (2015)." They proceeded to release their first album ""5 Seconds of Summer"" on June 27, 2014 which got recognition from fans worldwide and resulted in their first headlining tour "Rock Out With Your Socks Out". Their second album "Sounds Good Feels Good" was released on October 23, 2015, followed by their second headlining world tour "Sounds Live Feels Live". The band released their 3rd album, "Youngblood", on the 15th June, 2018, after returning from their 3-year hiatus. Since then, the band has featured on The Chainsmokers' single "Who Do You Love", and joined The Chainsmokers on their tour, World War Joy. They went on the No Shame tour and will be featuring the famous rock band, All Time Low. The band has just finished their latest album. It’s called 5SOS5 and features songs like Bad Omens(2022), Easy For You To Say (2022) and Me, Myself And I (2022). They are also going on their 12th headlining tour to promote the record, playing in counrties like Argentina, Portugal, and the United States.

In its first years (1st–6th editions, 1768–1826), the "Britannica" was controlled by the people who first wrote it, Colin Macfarquhar and Andrew Bell, and by their friends and relations, such as Thomas Bonar, George Gleig and Archibald Constable. The "Britannica" was first published between 1768 and 1771 in Edinburgh, a city in Scotland, called the "Encyclopædia Britannica, or, A dictionary of arts and sciences, compiled upon a new plan". It was written to replace the French "Encyclopédie". Its logo, which is the floral emblem of Scotland, shows that the "Britannica" was a Scottish business. The encyclopædia being created is one of the most famous events that happened in the time when Scotland started inventing many things, or the Age of Enlightenment. The "Britannica" started as three-book set ( in the 1st edition) written by one young editor—William Smellie— Many people said that the first edition of the encyclopædia was very inaccurate, and had many problems in it. Slowly, the "Britannica" changed, in the first era, to a 20-book set written by many people. Although a few other encyclopædias had been fighting with the "Britannica", such as "Rees's Cyclopædia" and Coleridge's "Encyclopædia Metropolitana", these encyclopedias either went bankrupt or were not finished because the people writing them argued. When the first era was almost over, the "Britannica" had many people helping to write it, all having different types of skills. The encyclopædia managed to get so many people by inviting their friends to help.

When the tropical depression formed, it was in an area of weak steering currents. This was located south of a ridge extending eastward from the Gulf of Mexico. The system was in an area favorable for strengthening. Late on October 22, a Hurricane Hunters flight found winds of in a rainband. This made NHC to upgrade the depression to Tropical Storm Sandy. Because of the moist atmosphere, the storm got better organized. Early on October 24, an eye began to develop. By that time, Sandy was moving slowly northward. At 11:00 am EDT (1500 UTC) on October 24, the NHC upgraded Sandy to hurricane status. This was because the Hurricane Hunters found winds of . At the time, Sandy was located about south of Kingston, Jamaica.
Sandy made landfall near Kingston at 3:00 p.m EDT (1900 UTC) on October 24. It had winds of about . Before making its second landfall, Sandy got stronger and became a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson scale with 110 mph (175 km/h). At 1:25 am EDT (0525 UTC), Sandy made landfall in Cuba just west of Santiago de Cuba. When it made landfall in Cuba, Sandy had a visible eye of over in diameter. At the time, winds reached 135 mph (216 km/h). While over land, the storm weakened and the eye was no longer visible. After Sandy left Cuba, dry air and increasing shear caused the storm to be disorganized. A mid-level low over Florida turned the hurricane toward the north-northwest. By early on October 26, most of the storm was to the north of the center. This caused the storm to get larger. By the next day, the NHC reported that Sandy was starting to become more of a hybrid cyclone. On October 27, Sandy weakened to a tropical storm. A few hours later, it got stronger and became a Category 1 hurricane again.

In March 2001, the World Wrestling Federation bought World Championship Wrestling. Soon after, "The Invasion" took place in which the WCW/ECW Alliance was beaten in the end. At Survivor Series 2001, the title was made into one with the WCW United States Championship. The United States Champion, Edge, won against the Intercontinental Champion, Test, and became the new Intercontinental Champion while the United States Championship became inactive until 2003. 
After the WWF/WWE name change in 2002, the championship became known as the WWE Intercontinental Championship. It was then unified with the European Championship in a ladder match on July 22, and later the Hardcore Championship on August 26. The Intercontinental Champion, Rob Van Dam, won against the European Champion, Jeff Hardy, and the Hardcore Champion, Tommy Dreamer. As a result, Rob Van Dam was named the last European and Hardcore Champion. Then at No Mercy 2002, it was unified with the World Heavyweight Championship. The World Heavyweight Champion, Triple H, won against the Intercontinental Champion, Kane, and continued to be the World Heavyweight Champion while the Intercontinental Championship became inactive. In May 2003, after fan protests of the retirement of the Intercontinental Title, the title was reactivated by "Raw" Co-General Manager, Stone Cold Steve Austin, and was recommissioned to be the secondary championship for the "Raw" brand. Shortly after, the WCW United States Championship was reactivated as the WWE United States Championship by the "SmackDown"! brand, making the Intercontinental Championship its equal counterpart for the "Raw" brand. During the 2009 WWE Draft the two title swapped brands, making the Intercontinental Championship "SmackDown" property and the US Title "Raw" property. On August 29, 2011, all WWE programming became "Supershows" that feature wrestlers from both brands, ending the brand extension. All WWE titles can now be defended at any WWE event.

Subsequently, he had leading roles in Wing Commander (1999), Down to You (2000), Boys and Girls (2000), Head over Heels (2001) and Summer Catch (2001), most of which were generally disliked by critics and had moderate box office success.
Freddie Prinze Jr. at the 2009 San Diego Comic-Con
In 2002, he played Fred Jones in the live-action film version of the popular cartoon, Scooby-Doo, and reprised the role in the 2004 sequel, Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed, both alongside his wife Sarah Michelle Gellar and his friend Matthew Lillard. He guest starred on the popular NBC show, Friends, as a sensitive male nanny named Sandy on the series' 200th episode. He also appeared as Donny Crane, a character believed to be Denny Crane's son in the ABC legal drama-comedy Boston Legal. Prinze starred in his own television sitcom, titled Freddie. The sitcom is said to depict some actual events from his life, and lasted one season before being canceled in May 2006. He guest starred on George Lopez for a crossover with Freddie. In 2004, Prinze accepted a special award from TV Land on behalf of his late father. He thanked his father's former co-star, Della Reese, for her continued advice and support. In 2006, he lent his voice to the character of Pi in the computer-animated film Shark Bait. Also in 2007, he lent his voice to the character of Rick in Happily N'Ever After along with his wife Gellar, Wallace Shawn, Andy Dick, George Carlin, and Sigourney Weaver. In 2008, he auditioned for Jigsaw in Punisher: War Zone, but was not given the part at the decision of Lionsgate Studios. He later voice titular character in animation movie Delgo.[12] In 2010, Prinze guest starred on Psych as Dennis, a grade school friend of Shawn Spencer and Burton Guster.

The foreskin is a fold of skin that covers the end of the penis. The foreskin is a bit thicker than an eyelid. Cutting off the foreskin is called circumcision. The foreskin is connected to the head of the penis. During circumcision, most or all of the foreskin is removed from the penis. This simple change to the penis is very common in many countries of the world including the United States and Israel. Circumcision is done for medical reasons because it lowers the chance of ever getting cancer of the penis to near zero. The foreskin removed during circumcision is a possible source of penile cancer. Childhood circumcision has a strong protective effect against penile cancer in later life. Penile cancer has been nearly eliminated in populations of males circumcised shortly after birth. Circumcision virtually eliminates the risk of invasive penile cancer. Being uncircumcised is a risk factor for penile cancer. Invasive penile cancer is cancer that spreads in the body. It is uncommon but often causes the man to die. Circumcision also reduces the risk of cancer of the cervix in female sexual partners. Cervical cancer is very common. It causes over 300,000 deaths of women worldwide every year. Circumcision reduces, but does not eliminate, the risk of getting or spreading HIV/AIDS. Circumcision became more common in Africa after HIV/AIDS began. The use of condoms also reduces the risk of getting or spreading HIV/AIDS, but many people in Africa cannot afford condoms or choose not to use them.

Hoult is a versatile actor who has been acting since he was three years old. His extensive filmography includes leading roles in major productions, work in conventional productions and leading roles in independent projects, in the American and British film industries. His successful start in the seventh art came when he played Marcus in "About a Boy" (2002) at the age of eleven—previously, he had recorded several episodes in British television series and had appeared in the film "Intimate Relations" (1996). — Since then, his legacy has continued to spread, appearing in series and acclaimed films. At the age of 17, he played the character Tony Stonem in the British series "Skins" (2007-2008), a role that helped him make the transition from child actor to darker roles in the film industry, achieving success and recognition. And not It would not be until a decade later that he would return to a series to play Emperor Peter III of Russia in "The Great" (2020-2023), which earned him nominations for two Golden Globe Awards and a Primetime Emmy Award. His jump to Hollywood began with the drama "A Single Man" (2019), for which he earned a BAFTA nomination. Among his outstanding film repertoire are the action film "" (2015) and "Young Ones" (2014); the fantasy films "Clash of the Titans" (2010) and "Jack the Giant Slayer" (2013); the superhero films "" (2011), "" (2014), "" (2016) and "Dark Phoenix" (2019); the biographical films "Rebel in the Rye" (2017) and "Tolkien" (2019); the romantic comedies "Warm Bodies" (2013) and "Equals" (2015); the black comedies "Kill your friends" (2015), "The Favourite" (2018), "The Menu" (2022) and "Renfield" (2023); the drama films "Dark Places" (2015), "Sand Castle" (2017), "The Current War" (2019), and "True History of the Kelly Gang" (2019); and the gothic horror film "Nosferatu" (2024).

The player starts the game controlling Roxas, a 15-year-old boy living in Twilight Town. He is on summer vacation with his three best friends, Hayner, Pence, and Olette. As a week goes by, strange things begin to happen. A man named Axel, a member of Organization XIII, becomes upset at Roxas for not remembering him. They fight, and Roxas discovers that he can use a Keyblade. Roxas also meets Naminé and a man named DiZ who was in Riku's side of "Chain of Memories". Naminé tells Roxas she has been changing his memories so he can become "whole" again. Axel tells Roxas they used to be friends and that he must either take Roxas back to the Organization or destroy him. They battle, and Axel disappears. Roxas then finds Sora, and disappears himself. After Roxas disappears, Sora wakes up and becomes a playable character. Donald and Goofy also wake up, and the three of them continue their mission to find Riku. As they search for him, they meet the rest of the members of Organization XIII and learn that they are beings called Nobodies. When a Heartless steals someone's heart, that person also becomes a Heartless, but if their heart is strong, their body becomes a Nobody. Nobodies have no emotions, but want to have hearts again. Xemnas, the leader of Organization XIII, is trying to summon Kingdom Hearts, which he claims will enable the Nobodies to get their hearts back. To summon Kingdom Hearts, Heartless must be killed with a Keyblade, which will release the hearts they hold and let them return to Kingdom Hearts. This is the reason the Organization wanted Sora to join them. It is later revealed that Roxas is Sora's Nobody and was a member of Organization XIII. Roxas was created when Sora briefly lost his heart. Naminé reveals herself to be Kairi's Nobody, who was created when Kairi lost her heart at the beginning of "Kingdom Hearts". Xemnas is the Nobody of a man called Xehanort, who no longer exists. Ansem, the main enemy from the first game, was Xehanort's Heartless. After defeating Xemnas, Sora and his friends return home.

Located 25 miles south of the equator, Jarvis Island, is an uninhabited coral island located in the South Pacific Ocean. Jarvis has no known natural freshwater sources, and very little rain. This creates a very bleak, flat landscape with plants no larger than shrubs. Jarvis Island has no ports or docks, other than a reef the guano miners blew up in order for the cargo boats to be able to drop anchor. Its grass, vines and low-growing bushes are primarily a nesting, roosting, and foraging habitat for wildlife. The island has a tropical desert climate, with high temperatures in the day, constant wind, and a very hot sun. There is no evidence that the island has ever supported a native human population, but on August 30, 1913, the Amaranth was carrying a cargo of coal from Newcastle, New South Wales, to San Francisco when it crashed on Jarvis' southern shore. Ruins of ten wooden buildings, and a two-story house among them, could still be seen by the "Amaranth" crew, who left Jarvis aboard two lifeboats. Also, Settlers were moved to Jarvis Island in 1935 to maintain a weather station and plan a landing field. A settlement called Millersville was established on the west coast of the island because of it was the highest elevation. The Japanese shelled the island in 1942 and the men living on Jarvis were evacuated soon afterward. The United States claimed possession of Jarvis under the Guano Islands Act of 1856. The Act gave American citizens the right to claim any unclaimed, uninhabited islands for the purpose of mining guano. Because at the time guano was a very valuable asset used for fertilizer.

A disturbance formed in the deep tropical Atlantic in the fourth week of August. It tracked westward into the Caribbean Sea where it encountered better conditions for cyclone development, and became a tropical depression on the morning of August 25, west of the Windward Islands. It quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Gustav early that afternoon and into Hurricane Gustav early on August 26. It then weakened into a tropical storm on the evening of August 27. It re-organized further south into a strong tropical storm once again on August 28 before speeding up and hitting Jamaica. Gustav has killed 78 people in Haiti, the Dominican Republic, and Jamaica, while 7 are still missing in Haiti. On August 29, it strengthened back into a hurricane. On the morning of August 30, it was upgraded to a Category 3 major hurricane. After strengthening slowed for a few hours, another round of quick strengthening happened and Gustav was upgraded to a Category 4 hurricane during a hurricane hunter flight around 1pm (EDT), with 145 mph winds. Continuing to intensify, it became a 150 mph storm that afternoon near 5 P.M. EDT. Soon after Gustav made landfall in Cuba, firstly on the island of Isla de la Juventud and later on the mainland near Los Palacios in Pinar del Río Province, causing severe damage, although it is difficult to predict how much damage it caused. It then emerged into the Gulf of Mexico weakening into a minimal 115 mph. It was expected to hit Louisiana so the mayor of New Orleans evacuated the city. At 8 a.m. CDT on the 2nd September it was reported to have weakened to category 2.

The Democratic Labour Party (DLP) was founded in 1955 by Errol Barrow and Co-founded by Fredrick Smith. They were once members and candidates of the then ruling-party of Barbados the Barbados Labour Party (BLP) from 1951 to 1955, these people and 29 more people broke away and stepped down as members and candidates of the Barbados Labour Party (BLP) to form his more left-winged and leaning Social democratic alternative, the Democratic Labor Party (DLP) to challenge the then-ruling Barbados Labour Party in the 1956 Barbadian general election. The Democratic Labour Party (DLP) was a split form the Democratic domain of the Barbados Labour Party In 1955. However, as a result of this common orgin, the two parties have been and is still remaining until today, ideologically similar and has similar believes about governing the affairs of Barbados. But the only difference between the two Political parties of Barbados the Democratic Labour Party (DLP) and Barbados Labour Party (BLP), is that the Democratic Labour Party (DLP) focuses more on Democracy and on Human rights, while the Barbados Labour Party (BLP) focuses more on Republicanism and Labour. The first leadership election was held in the Democratic Labour Party (DLP) headquarters of St. George Street In 1955, one day after the Democratic Labour Party (DLP) was founded by Errol Barrow. Errol Barrow contested in that leadership election against Co-founder of the Democractic Labour Party (DLP), Fredrick Smith. It was a heated and close leadership election, and Errol Barrow defeated Fredrick Smith by a large margin of votes and Errol Barrow secured and won 49% of the vote, while Fredrick Smith secured and won 32% of the vote. Barrow was sworn in as leader and President of the Democratic Labour Party (DLP) and Leader of the Opposition the following day after the 1955 Democratic Labour Party (DLP) leadership election. He appointed his Central Excutive Comitee also.

Pakistani Shepherd Dogs are very strong and muscular dogs. They have a rounded forehead and dark, almond-shaped eyes. Their lips are black and their nose is mostly black. Their feet have very hard soles. Adult Pakistani Shepherd Dogs have erect ears. The coat of the Pakistani Shepherd Dog is usually black and tan, but can be gold, and some can come in white, which is rare but does occur. The colours vary from region to region. They are very keen and love to herd animals, sometimes even little kids and their owners. They are dedicated to their work, courageous, fearless and alert. Very protective of their property, owners and sheep, they can be trained easily because they love to learn new things. Pakistani Shepherd Dogs are very loyal toward their work and handler, loving their family. They obey their owner’s every command. The Pakistani Shepherd Dog has a loving nature and is very playful with children, enjoying playing games. This breed is bred to work, and can't sit idle all the time. Being able to work is their passion. The Pakistani Shepherd Dog loves strenuous activity, preferably combined with training of some kind, for these dogs are very intelligent and crave a good challenge. When not being worked they need to be taken on a daily, brisk, long walk, jog or run alongside you when you bicycle. While out on the walk the dog must be made to heel beside or behind the person holding the lead, as in a dog's mind the leader leads the way, and that leader needs to be the human. Most shepherds love to play ball or Frisbee. This breed does best with a job to do. Without enough exercise, mental and physical, it will become bored and destructive, which will affect its good temperament.

People with NPD act very confident as a façade. A lot of people with NPD have deep-rooted self esteem issues, due to the criticization they received in their childhoods. They often need admiration and support from others in order to feel confident in themselves, and they tend to rely on other people to give them confidence. They may be obsessed with fantasies of power in order to make up for the lack of control they had during their abuse in childhood. They consider themselves to be in the right a lot of the time, because they feel they cannot trust anyone else, and are very wary about who they let into their life. They do strive for connection with others, and bonding. They are not inherently manipulative people, unless they're significantly unhealed or do not realize some of their behaviors can be abusive. In reality, these people can be very loving and attentive to their partners, as they don't want them to leave and strive to bond and make genuine connections with others, however, they tend to struggle with showing or expressing empathy to others, which makes it hard to connect. They may also struggle to maintain healthy relationships due to abandonment issues, and they become wary as the relationship goes on, insecurities fill their head, and they struggle to communicate their emotions with romantic partners. This can lead to misunderstandings, arguments, and problems during relationships. Due to a lot of the demonization on the internet and from therapists and community, a lot of people with NPD struggle asking for help, as a lot of the time they can be so deep into a mindset of survival they feel they do not need help, and that if they healed, or in their eyes, "became weaker", they may not be able to survive in the world. Listening to people with NPD can help demolish this stigma that they are manipulative, so that more people with this trauma disorder can reach out for help, and not feel afraid.

The single prologue of EXO-K and EXO-M, "What Is Love" was released on January 30, 2012 in South Korea and mainland China. The single was positioned at number 88 on the Korean Gaon Single Chart. On March 9, they released the second single entitled "History", which was written and produced by Thomas Troelsen and Remee. The single made number 78 in Gaon Single Chart and number 6 on China's Sina Music Chart. A concert by the group took place at the Olympic Stadium in Seoul on March 31. Approximately 3,000 fans of 8,000 were selected to attend. A second concert was held in the great Hall of Beijing University of Economics and business, April 1. Both subunits released the third single entitled "Mama" on April 8 followed by an EP of the same name the next day. The two subunits promoted the album separately in two countries. On April 8, one day before the release of the EP, EXO-K had their debut performance on the musical program of South Korea "Inkigayo", while EXO-M made its debut in China Awards 12th Yinyue Fengyun Bang Awards the same day. The Mandarin version of "Mama" headlined at the number 2 in the Chinese chart Sina.com, while the Korean version was number 1 of Gaon Albums Chart and number 8 on the Billboard World Albums Chart. The Mandarin version of the music video "Mama" reached number 1 on the websites of Chinese transmission, while the Korean version was ranked number 7 on YouTube's Global Chart. At the end of April, EXO-M appeared as guests in the concert of Super Junior "Super Show 4" in Jakarta, Indonesia. In November 2012, EXO won an award as Best New Group of Asian Artists in 2012 Mnet Asian Music Awards. EXO-K three nominations in 27th Golden Disk Awards gaining in the newcomer category. EXO-M awarded the Most Popular Group in 2013 Top Chinese Music Awards.

a. Includes John Surtees' fastest lap in the South African Grand Prix in a non-works McLaren.
b. In 1949 and 1950, AFM participated in the German Formula 2 championship.
c. Constructors' World Championship points not awarded prior to .
d. From to , Alta was also an engine manufacturer for teams HWM, Cooper and Connaught.
e. Arrows was renamed Footwork for to . In they returned to Arrows.
f. In and , ATS was an engine manufacturer for teams Derrington-Francis and Cooper, racing at the 1964 Italian and 1967 British Grands Prix with Mário de Araújo Cabral and Silvio Moser.
g. BAR was formerly Tyrrell; it later became Honda, then Brawn, then Mercedes GP.
h. Benetton was formerly Toleman; it later became Renault F1.
i. From through Benetton F1 Team had a United Kingdom license; from through , an Italian one.
j. Coloni later became Andrea Moda.
k. The nationality of Eagle, Penske, Shadow and Wolf is questioned.
l. Frank Williams Racing Cars includes Politoys (), Iso Marlboro (-) and Wolf-Williams () cars. Prior to 1972 FWRC ran customer chassis. Later became Wolf. Williams Grand Prix Engineering, now WilliamsF1, was a new constructor established by Frank Williams and Patrick Head after Williams left Wolf-Williams.
m. Jaguar was formerly Stewart Grand Prix; it later became Red Bull Racing.
n. Jordan later became Midland F1 Racing, then Spyker, then Force India.
o. Does not include Kurtis' Indianapolis 500 (1950-1960) entries.
p. Leyton House was formerly March Engineering.
q. Ligier later became Prost Grand Prix.
r. Lola includes Larrousse () and Mastercard Lola () entries.
s. March later became Leyton House Racing. In March returned for one final season.
t. Midland was formerly Jordan Grand Prix; it later became Spyker F1, then Force India.
u. Minardi later became Scuderia Toro Rosso.
v. Monteverdi was formerly Onyx Grand Prix.
w. Onyx later became Monteverdi.
x. Osella later became Fondmetal.
y. Prost was formerly Ligier.
z. Sauber later became the BMW works team as BMW Sauber. In they returned to Sauber.
aa. Spyker was formerly Jordan Grand Prix and Midland F1 Racing; it later became Force India.
ab. Stewart later became Jaguar Racing.
ac. Toleman later became Benetton Formula.
ad. Tyrrell later became British American Racing.
ae. Wolf was formerly Frank Williams Racing Cars.
af. In and Scuderia Platé built their own engines for the Maserati-Platé 4CLT.

Al-Hurra lived in the early 1500’s. She managed to control the Western half of the Mediterranean for well over 30 years. She was born into a wealthy Muslim family. Her birth name was believed to be Aicha. Her family was chased out of Granada to Morocco during the Spanish Reconquista. She and her family then settled in Tetouán. Her first husband was the Sultan Al-Mandri. She had herself immediately named governer of Tetouán, after he died. She was bestowed the title Al-Hurra. This was a symbol of respect and power. She then married the King of Morocco. This was the only time in Islamic history a king traveled outside his country for his wedding. Spain and Portugal were worried about this. It seemed like a threat, as this alliance would be extremely strong. Iberians attacked Al-Hurra’s land. She became a pirate to defend her country and stop them. She made an alliance with the dreaded pirate Barabarossa, or Red Beard. He used his fleet to ferry refugees away from the fighting. Al-Hurra terrorized Spanish and Portuguese ships. She became known and feared across the Mediterranean. She was known for taking hostages and being extremely merciless. The Spanish feared her and prayed for a miracle. The Portuguese “prayed for God to allow them to see her hanged from a ship’s mast”. She was categorized as aggressive and bad-tempered. Al-Hurra became one of the richer pirates of her time. She still managed to maintain a consistent alliance with Red Beard. Her demise came after over 30 years of sailing. Her son-in-law usurped her power and throne. He also stole her wealth. She lived in her childhood home in Morocco until her death. She died at age 75. Sayyida Al-Hurra’s legacy lives on today. In European writing she is known as the fearsome Pirate Queen of the Mediterranean.

The film joined genuine Indian developments made by Remya Jose, Mohammad Idris, Jahangir Painter and Sonam Wangchuk. The film was a critical and commercial success and audio the highest-grossing film in its opening weekend in India, had the highest opening day collections for an Indian film up until that point and also held the record for the highest net collections in the first week for a Bollywood film. It additionally got one of only a handful few Indian films at an opportunity to get successful in East Asian business sectors, for example, China and Japan, at last carrying its overall gross to ₹3.92 billion ($90 million) — it was the highest-grossing Indian film ever at the time. The film likewise socially affected perspectives to schooling in India, and also education in other Asian nations, for example, China.
The film won six Filmfare Awards including Best Film and three National Film Awards including Best Popular Film. Overseas, it won the Grand Prize at Japan's Videoyasan Awards while it was nominated for Best Outstanding Foreign Language Film at the Japan Academy Awards and Best Foreign Film at China's Beijing International Film Festival. In 2012, a Tamil remake of the film was released and it was called "Nanban" and in 2017, a Mexican remake of the film was released and it was called "3 Idiotas".
When asked about plans of a "3 Idiots" sequel in an interview with "Hindustan Times", screenwriter Abhijat Joshi replied, saying, "Honestly, I don't know. We have an idea for the 3 Idiots sequel, a "Munna Bhai" part three, and also for a "PK" sequel; but the "PK" and "Munna Bhai" sequels interest me the most. So, I think the "3 Idiots" sequel may happen in the future, but these two I really want to work on." In January 2016, director Rajkumar Hirani and actor Aamir Khan confirmed that they were considering a "3 Idiots" sequel. Khan told reporters, ""Raju Hirani has given me a hint about "3 Idiots" sequel and I am giving you all a hint. The film will happen if and whenever he will write the script." Hirani agreed, saying "this is one film that I really want to do."

Files going to press are generally printed at 300 dots per inch. As a result, the file size can become very large, depending upon the photos and graphics used in it. By using a layout program and linking these graphics and images (but not saving all of them in the file itself), the working file is a fraction of the file size. When the designer is ready to go to press, s/he will either create a press-ready PDF; or use the "Package" function in InDesign, or the "Collect For Output" function in QuarkXpress or CorelDRAW (which gathers the layout document, plus all fonts and images used therein, and saves them in one folder which can be provided to a commercial printing company for final output).
InDesign, CorelDRAW, or QuarkXPress make it possible to work with large multiple page layouts, such as catalogs and booklets.
Since InDesign, CorelDRAW, and QuarkXPress the original file, linking to the graphics and images, the designer can change the "original file" and it will update all instances throughout the document to save time.
A web designer should understand how to work with XML, HTML, and basic web programming scripts. A print designer should understand the processes involved in printing (including, notably, offset printing) to be able to produce press-ready artwork.
Designers should be able to solve visual communication problems or challenges. In doing so, the designer must identify the communications issue, gather and analyze information related to the issue, and generate potential approaches aimed at solving the problem. Iterative prototyping and user testing can be used to determine the success or failure of a visual solution. Approaches to a communications problem are developed in the context of an audience and a media channel. Graphic designers must understand the social and cultural norms of that audience in order to develop visual solutions that are perceived as relevant, understandable and effective.
Graphic designers should also have a thorough understanding of production and rendering methods. Some of the technologies and methods of production are drawing, offset printing, photography, and time-based and interactive media (film, video, computer multimedia). Frequently, designers are also called upon to manage color in different media.

Chery Automobile Co. Ltd., trading as Chery (), is one of the leading automobile manufacturers in China. Founded in 1997, Chery Automobile Co., Ltd. The company's main campus, Chery Industrial Park, covers an area of 13.5 square kilometers and houses various facilities including a research and development center, manufacturing plants, and vehicle testing tracks. Chery offers a wide range of products, including passenger cars, electric vehicles, and commercial vehicles. With a focus on innovation and technological advancements, Chery has developed several successful models such as the Chery Tiggo compact SUV, Chery Arrizo 5 compact sedan, and Chery eQ electric car. The company also produces engines and auto parts, showcasing its comprehensive capabilities in the automotive industry. On a global scale, Chery has established a strong presence in over 80 countries and regions. The company has successfully set up production bases and sales networks in various countries, including Brazil, Egypt, Iran, Malaysia, and Russia. Chery has also ventured into notable joint ventures and partnerships, such as Chery Jaguar Land Rover in China and Qoros Auto Co., Ltd., a joint venture with Israel Corporation. In terms of market position, Chery has become one of China's largest automobile exporters, exporting vehicles to numerous countries across the globe. The company has consistently achieved strong sales, with its global sales exceeding 700,000 vehicles in multiple years. Chery faces fierce competition from both domestic and international automotive manufacturers but has retained a competitive edge through its focus on innovation, quality, and cost-effectiveness. In recent years, Chery has made significant advancements in electric vehicle technology and has expanded its electric vehicle lineup. The company has also strengthened its presence in the Chinese market by launching new models that cater to changing consumer preferences and demands. As of the latest available information, Chery continues to thrive in the global market, actively expanding its business and exploring new opportunities. The company's commitment to innovation and its ability to adapt to market trends will likely contribute to its continued growth and success. 1997

Popeye's huge popularity led him to be adapted into animation, which would only be loosely based on "Thimble Theatre" due to the limited length of the theatrical shorts at the time keeping them from making proper full-length adaptations of the "Thimble Theatre" sagas, which resulted in the shorts being episodic. The huge success of the first "Popeye the Sailor" cartoon (which originally started as a part of the Betty Boop shorts) would ensure a long-running series of independent theatrical shorts for the now famous sailor. In the various cartoons by Fleischer Studios, he would usually have to rescue his girlfriend Olive Oyl from Bluto, his rival and sometimes friend or go on a daring adventure with Olive and his good friend J. Wellington Wimpy. Some of the cartoons take a different recurring approach, like him rescuing Olive from another threat, dealing with something alone, fighting a small enemy he cannot beat, or watching over his adopted son Swee'Pea. As these theatrical shorts deviated from Segar's strips quite a bit, many characters from the comic never made an appearance or only appeared once (like Castor Oyl and the Goons). However, other characters like J. Wellington Wimpy (who sometimes served as Popeye's sidekick), Poopdeck Pappy and, more rarely, Oscar would make semi-regular appearances in the shorts. Eugene the Jeep also made some appearances but would not be used as often as the above. George W. Geezil also made only two appearances alongside Popeye. Many of these cartoons mostly focused on Popeye's adventures and antics along with Olive and occasionally Wimpy as they tried to resist the antagonistic Bluto. While not appearing as a sailor very often (as Popeye was usually portrayed with a number of odd jobs) the stories in the cartoons would involve his brawling escapades or his adventures in certain areas of the world while doing impressive feats and preserving Olive's safety and their relationship.

Manuel Colmeiro was another artist who traveled a lot. After the war, he went into exile in Argentina, where he created murals in Galerías Pacífico. In exile, he interacted with artists like Seoane, Dieste, and Alberti. He moved to Paris in 1949 and in 1989 he returned to Galicia. In the 60s, he had exhibitions in London and won several awards in the 80s. He died in Salvaterra de Minho in 1999 at the age of 98. His daughter Elena Colmeiro was also an artist, specializing in sculpture and ceramics.
Seoane talked to Freixanes about the concerns of students in Compostela during the first part of 20th century:
""Simplicismus" interested a lot, within the "art nouveau". The European artistic and intellectual center began to move from Paris to Berlin both in painting and the visual arts as well as in philosophical and political thought (...) Austria was also very present, Paul Klee, Grosz... All of this, although it may seem curious, it was known in the restless Galicia of those years."
Asorey, born in 1889, made figurative art, but with new themes and expressionist texture. He wasn't as iconoclast and abstract as the avant-garde, but he caused controversies. He sculpted a Virgin with a host on her chest for A Estrada and the priest didn't want it. That iconography was also used by Díaz in his posters for the Statute of Autonomy of Galicia, with the coat of arms of the Kingdom of Galicia (today official of the Autonomy). The war took him many friends, but he continued in internal exile. This led to some oblivion later, according to his family. Asorey made monuments to great figures of culture, such as the Enlightenment philosopher Benito J. Feijoo, the writer Curros Enríquez or the astronomer from Lalín, Pontevedra, Ramón Mª Aller. In 2019, Asorey's sculpture "A Santa" returned to Galicia for an exhibition, after 70 years in Montevideo. The sculpture, created in 1926, received criticism from the Queen of Spain for breaking political correctness at the time. However, Asorey later stated in a press interview in 1956 that this was the work he was most satisfied with.

Takagi was born in Yasu on November 21, 1980. After dropped out from Kyoto Sangyo University, he joined J1 League club Shimizu S-Pulse in June 2000. However he could hardly play in the match until 2002. In 2003, he played many matches as left side back until summer. However he could not play many matches from summer 2003. In August 2004, he moved to Vissel Kobe on loan. He became a regular player as center back of three backs defense. In 2005, he returned to Shimizu S-Pulse. He became a regular player as defensive midfielder and played with Teruyoshi Ito for the position. From summer 2005, he became a regular player as center back. He played with mainly Toshihide Saito or Ryuzo Morioka for the position and the club won the 2nd place at the Emperor's Cup. From 2006, he played as center back with Naoaki Aoyama for 3 seasons and the club won the 2nd place at the 2008 J.League Cup. In 2009, he moved to Gamba Osaka. In 2009, although he could not play many matches in league competition, he played many matches in Emperor's Cup and won the champions. In 2010, he became a regular player and played many matches as center back with Sota Nakazawa. The club also won the 2nd place in J1 League. However his opportunity to play decreased behind Satoshi Yamaguchi in 2011. In 2012, he moved to Vissel Kobe again. However he could not play many matches and the club was relegated to J2 League end of 2012 season. In 2013, he moved to Oita Trinita. Although he played many matches as center back of three backs defense, the club was relegated to J2 from 2014. In 2014, he became a captain and played many matches as regular center back. In 2015, he moved to J2 club FC Gifu and played many matches as center back. In 2016, he moved to J1 club Júbilo Iwata. However he could hardly play in the match. In 2017, he moved to Thailand and joined Air Force Central. In 2018, he returned to Japan and joined his locals club MIO Biwako Shiga in Japan Football League. He retired end of 2018 season.

The mathematical equations of quantum mechanics are abstract, which means it is impossible to know the exact physical properties of a particle (like its position or momentum) for sure. Instead, a mathematical function called the wavefunction provides information about the probability with which a particle has a given property. For example, the wavefunction can tell you what the probability is that a particle can be found in a certain location, but it can't tell you where it is for sure. Because of this uncertainty and other factors, you cannot use classical mechanics (the physics that describe how large objects move) to predict the motion of quantum particles.
Ultraviolet light is higher in frequency than violet light, such that it is not even in the visible light range. Each photon in the ultraviolet range has a lot of energy, enough to hurt skin cells and cause a sunburn. In fact, most forms of sunburn are not caused by heat; they are caused by the high energy of the sun's UV rays damaging your skin cells. Even higher frequencies of light (or electromagnetic radiation) can penetrate deeper into the body and cause even more damage. X-rays have so much energy that they can go deep into the human body and kill cells. Humans cannot see or feel ultraviolet light or x-rays. They may only know they have been under such high frequency light when they get a radiation burn. Areas where it is important to kill germs often use ultraviolet lamps to destroy bacteria, fungi, etc. X-rays are sometimes used to kill cancer cells.

Sugababes are a British girl group. They were formed in 1998 by Ron Tom when the members were still at school. The band has since had a string of hits both in the United Kingdom including six number ones, and in several other countries. The band has changed its line-up thrice, because of reported differences between the members of the band. The original lineup was Siobhan, Mutya, and Keisha. 
Their first album," One Touch", was released in 2000. Siobhan left in 2001. Heidi Range, an original member of Atomic Kitten, replaced her. In 2002 their second album "Angels With Dirty Faces "was released on Island Records. It reached number 2 in the UK albums chart. Their third album "Three" was released in 2003. In 2004 they sung "Do They Know It's Christmas" as part of Band Aid 20. It reached No.1. In October 2005 their fourth album "Taller in More Ways" was released. It was their first UK number one album. It was also popular in other countries including Australia, Ireland, and Switzerland. In December 2005 it was announced that Mutya was no longer a member. Amelle Berrabah replaced her in the same month. "Follow Me Home" was rerecorded and released as the album's fourth single. In 2006 British Hit Singles & Albums named the band the most successful all-female group in the 21st century. They released Overloaded: The Singles Collection, which included two new songs, "Easy" and "Good to Be Gone". 
The band released their fifth album "Change" in 2007. It reached number one and sold over 300,000 copies in the UK. In 2008 "Catfights and Spotlights" was released. Their seventh studio album "Sweet 7" was released in March 2010. On 11 April 2011 the band released two albums, "The Best of the Bs" and "The Complete Bs". Both were collections of songs from other albums they had made. 
The band started a break in 2012 so that the members could do solo work. In 2013 Jade Ewen said that the band had officially split in 2011. The original members have formed a band called Mutya Keisha Siobhan who plan to release their first album in 2014.

The Earl of Pembroke and sir Giles d'Argentan were guarding the English King. As the battle was now lost they needed to get the king to safety. They led him off the battlefield and towards Sterling Castle. At the same time several Scots recognized the king and tried to capture him. The king fought them off with his . He broke free and rode to Sterling Castle a short distance away. At the castle Sir Philip Mowbray did not allow King Edward to enter. He told the king he now had to surrender the castle and the king would be taken prisoner. But Mowbray gave Edward II a knight to guide the king and his party to safety. Edward, with 500 of his cavalry turned towards Linlithgow. Sir James Douglas got permission from Robert the Bruce to pursue the English king. With a group of Keith's Douglas kept close behind Edward as he fled south. As he pursued the English king, Douglas and his men encountered Sir Lawrence de Abernethy who with 80 men was on his way to join Edward at Bannockburn. On finding out the king had lost the battle he and his men joined Douglas in trying to capture Edward. The English tried to bait them into a fight at Winchburg but Douglas stayed on their flank (side).Even with Abernethy's men the Scots were not strong enough to take on Edward's knights. The chase continued all the way to Dunbar Castle. Loyalties on the border were very uncertain at this time. The local earl had sided with Edward. So the king was allowed to escape in a boat back to England with only a few of his closest followers. The rest of his 500 horsemen were left to find their way back to England as best they could.

At Tobolsk, she and her sisters sewed jewels into their clothes. This was because Alexandra, Nicholas and Maria had had their things taken away when they arrived in Ekaterinburg. Demidova wrote to Tegleva about this, using code words for the jewels such as "medicines" and "Sednev's belongings". Anastasia and her sisters dressed simply, and all three had their hair cut short. It had been cut when they were ill with measles in 1917, and they had kept it short. Pierre Gilliard remembered his last sight of the children: "The sailor Nagorny, who attended to Alexei Nikolaevitch, passed my window carrying the sick boy in his arms, behind him came the Grand Duchesses loaded with valises and small personal belongings. I tried to get out, but was roughly pushed back into the carriage by the sentry. I came back to the window. Tatiana Nikolayevna came last carrying her little dog and struggling to drag a heavy brown valise. It was raining and I saw her feet sink into the mud at every step. Nagorny tried to come to her assistance (help); he was roughly pushed back by one of the commisars ..." Baroness Sophie Buxhoeveden, too, spoke of her last sad memory of Anastasia: "Once, standing on some steps at the door of a house close by, I saw a hand and a pink-sleeved arm opening the topmost (highest) pane. According to the blouse the hand must have belonged either to the Grand Duchess Marie or Anastasia. They could not see me through their windows, and this was to be the last glimpse that I was to have of any of them!"

Hurricane Wilma crossed the Florida peninsula in about 4.5 hours while continuing to speed northeastward, and entered into the Atlantic Ocean as a weakened 110 mph (175 km/h) hurricane near Jupiter. A vigorous cold front associated with the mid-level trough moved across the area to the west of Wilma, yet the cooler and drier air behind the front could not fully penetrate the inner core of the hurricane to weaken it. Shortly after exiting the Florida coastline, Wilma began to re-intensify, believed to be due to a reduction of friction of the eyewall and warm waters of the Gulf Stream. Early on October 25, the hurricane reached a secondary peak intensity of 125 mph while about 340 miles (545 km) east of Jacksonville, Florida. During the time, the large circulation of Wilma absorbed smaller Tropical Depression Alpha over the Bahamas. Shortly thereafter, the wind shear combined with its rapid forward motion of 50 mph (80 km/h) resulted in a slow weakening trend. The overall cloud pattern began to be disorganized, with the eye becoming less visible and the convection less symmetric. By 1170 UTC on October 25, the center was to the northwest of the primary convection as cold air from the southwest disturbed the circulation. The remaining convection continued to diminish, and early on October 26 Wilma turned into an extratropical cyclone while about 230 miles (370 km) southeast of Halifax, Nova Scotia. The extratropical remnant continued east-northeast before being absorbed by another extratropical storm on October 27.

At the age of 7 years old, Raap was advized by a teach of his school to start with athletics. During his youth years he won many competitions. When he was twelve years old he atletics club PAC in Rotterdam. At the age of fifteen he jumped 2.05 metres in the long jump that was a national record for his age-category (C-juniors). When he was 16 years old he started living and training at Papendal, the national sports centre in the Netherlands. He was selected to participate at the 2017 European Athletics U20 Championships and he aimed to win a medal. However, he had three invalid throws in the discus throw and did not reach the starting height in the high jump. He realized his medal chances were lost, but changed his mindset positively and set two new personal records in the later events. In a later athletics competition he had kind of a burn out. During the hurdles event he jumped below the hurdle and injured himself. He had torn and strained muscles and had to revalidate for several months. After two years of struggling with his shoulder, he was back on track in 2019. In that year he competed at the 2019 European Athletics U23 Championships in the decathlon event where he finished in sixth place. As he became a senior athlete, he travalled with the national team to Florida the United States. He suffered an unexplained foot injury and returned home earlier. He got good upport from among others Dafne Schippers. After revalidation when he was due to have surgery, the injury was suddenly gone. At the 2020 Dutch Atletics Championships he won the silver medal behind Pieter Braun. He was invited for the prestigious decathlong meeting Hypo-Meeting in Götzis, Austria. Where was well on his way of scoring over 8000 point, but unfortuanally suffered a tear in his achilles during pole vault. Now, Rafael is a student-athlete for the University of Oregon.

In 2014, Ian recorded "Shangri-la" (also known as "Rannalle"), a song he wrote with Finnish boy band TCT and producer Erik Nyholm. The Scandinavian version of the song was nominated for the biggest hit of summer 2014 by radio station The Voice. The song was originally ranked second but it eventually won the vote to be named "Best Song of the Summer". The track climbed to the top of the single charts for several consecutive weeks reaching number 3 on national radio charts. Overall, the song was the fourth most played radio song in Finland in 2014 and on 24 July 2014, it was announced to have sold enough copies to be awarded gold record status. In 2015, Erix released the English language version of "Shangri-La". Ian's video premiered on Vevo in Spring 2015 and features Erix in the hedonistic European party resort of Sunny Beach, Bulgaria. On July 10, 2015, in response to Ian's video, The Guardian, one of the UK's largest newspapers, reported that "music is over because Ian Erix has spoiled it for everyone."
In 2016, Erix released an EP called "Graffiti On My Heart" along with a 4 part music video film linking together his singles "Horse Of A Different Color, "Time Machine", "Out From Under" and "Tomahawk". Each song tells a different story, ranging from pain and loss and a fractured spirit to rebellion, anti-conformity and overcoming adversity. The video series was based on Ian's personal life experiences as a survivor of childhood abuse and the aftermath of the tragic 2013 deaths of both his dad and grandfather, which have been alleged as homicides.

The words of Nakamura's citation explain:
Private First Class William K. Nakamura distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 4 July 1944, near Castellina, Italy. During a fierce firefight, Private First Class Nakamura's platoon became pinned down by enemy machine gun fire from a concealed position. On his own initiative, Private First Class Nakamura crawled 20 yards toward the hostile nest with fire from the enemy machine gun barely missing him. Reaching a point 15 yards from the position, he quickly raised himself to a kneeling position and threw four hand grenades, killing or wounding at least three of the enemy soldiers. The enemy weapon silenced, Private First Class Nakamura crawled back to his platoon, which was able to continue its advance as a result of his courageous action. Later, his company was ordered to withdraw from the crest of a hill so that a mortar barrage could be placed on the ridge. On his own initiative, Private First Class Nakamura remained in position to cover his comrades' withdrawal. While moving toward the safety of a wooded draw, his platoon became pinned down by deadly machine gun fire. Crawling to a point from which he could fire on the enemy position, Private First Class Nakamura quickly and accurately fired his weapon to pin down the enemy machine gunners. His platoon was then able to withdraw to safety without further casualties. Private First Class Nakamura was killed during this heroic stand. Private First Class Nakamura's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

On June 21, 2011 John posted to his Twitter account that the band rehearsed new music for the first time and that they are getting ready for a new album.[28] At a question and answer session before a concert, John Cooper said that they would be recording a new record in January/February 2012. However, the band was then scheduled to headline the WinterJam Tour. They planned to enter the studio at the conclusion of the Winter Jam eastern tour, approximately in May, for a release in late 2012.[29]
In an interview with CCM Magazine, John Cooper described the new album as "a roller coaster ride". He states: "We have aggressive tracks, artsy and musical tracks, which is new territory for Skillet. A couple songs are classic American heartland anthems, and a couple songs are signature symphonic-classical rock Skillet. Guitars are dirty and edgier, with absolute shredding solos by Seth." One of the songs mentioned in the interview was titled "Salvation".[30]
In an Interview on January 26, 2013 in Beaumont TX, John Cooper announced that the new album, Rise, would be coming out in May 2013,[31][32] but was later scheduled for a June 25, 2013 release.[33][34] In an interview with NoiseCreep, John Cooper stated the first single and music video is scheduled to be released by late April.[35] The first single from the album, "Sick of It", will be released to US Rock radio on April 23, 2013.[36] It was later confirmed that the first single, "Sick of It", would be released on April 9, 2013.[37] The album debuted at No.4 on the Billboard 200 and No.1 on the Top Rock Chart and Christian Album charts selling 60,000 copies in US alone during the first week of the release.[38] On July 12, 2016, Rise was certified Gold by the RIAA.[39]
The band performed the title track off Rise on the July 11, 2013 airing of Conan.[40]
Skillet was nominated and won a Dove Award for Rock Song of the Year for their song "Sick of It".[41]
Vital Signs, a compilation album released exclusively in Europe, was released October 13, 2014.[42][43]

It was around this time that Abigail and Betty began going to court and lying to the judge that their neighbors were performing witchcraft. Abigail had testified seven times in court, regarding the witchcraft. Abigail continued to appear in court and accuse more people of performing witchcraft. The majority of Abigail's appearances in court took place between March and May 1692. She continued to appear in court and make accusations until 3 June 1692. 
Abigail Williams made her final appearance in court and spoke to the judge for the final time on 3 June 1692. The final appearance in court is the final historical record regarding Abigail Williams.
After the last record regarding Abigail's final court appearance, Abigail absolutely disappeared from historical record after 3 June 1692. Scholars still wonder why after 3 June 1692, Abigail made no more appearances in court or spoke to any judges in court, and why the 3 June 1692 appearance in court was her final appearance in court, when the accusations of people performing witchcraft and the Salem witch trials in Abigail's town continued until the next year. Because of absolutely disappearing from historical record when she was probably between the ages of 10 and 12, some modern-day scholars suggest Abigail died before she became a adult. 
Whatsoever, Betty Paris does not disappear from historical record unlike her supposed relative Abigail, and Betty is known through historical records to have lived to adulthood, have a husband and children, and that she died at the age of 77 in 1760.
Winchester (disambiguation)

An algal bloom is an accumulation of algae (typically microscopic) or a rapid increase in their amount in a body of water. Algal blooms may occur in fresh water as well as salt water. Algal bloom concentrations may reach millions of cells per milliliter of water. Algal blooms are often green, but they can also be other colors such as yellow-brown or red, depending on the species of algae. So-called algal blooms are often caused by Cyanobacteria such as "Aphanizomenon flosaquae", which are no longer considered to be algae. Some kinds of algal blooms, such as red tides, are poisonous.
Algal blooms are often caused by eutrophication. Eutrophication occurs when abnormal amount of nutrients, especially phosphorous and nitrogen, enter a body of water. Algal blooms are a big problem to ecosystems because, like any sudden unnatural growth, it harms the other animals in that ecosystem, usually decreasing their numbers quickly. The abundance of algae in algal blooms causes layers of algae that are unable to get sunlight, and this causes the algae to die and start to decompose. The top layers of algae is able to photosynthesize and continue living. The lack of nutrients and dissolved oxygen in the water inhibits other life. Fish become unable to breathe and other aquatic vegetation cannot photosynthesize. All the organisms in the water start to die and decompose. The decomposition of the dead organisms use up most of the remaining dissolved oxygen in the water. Without a sufficient amount of nutrients and dissolved oxygen all living organisms in the water die which leads to a dead zone.

Immurement (from Latin "immurus", meaning " wall in" or "enwall"), immuration or live entombment is a historical form of imprisonment, generally until death, in which someone is/was placed in an enclosed space with the opening walled off. Immurement has been used as a punishment and as a form of human sacrifice. As a punishment, live entombment was largely used on members of clergy (monks, nuns and ancient Rome's Vestal Virgins for example) and others whose blood was not allowed to be spilled according to custom and or law. Also in Mongolia, women who were accused of adultery were often immured in crates which had a holes for the head and one arm to poke through. The latest documented case of immurement as a form of execution occurred in 1906 in Morocco. The one walled up in this case was a Serial killer named Mohammed Mesfewi who was originally sentenced to crucifixion before foreign dignitaries talked the Moroccan government out of crucifying Mohammed. As a form of human sacrifice, live entombment was intended to ensure that buildings and bridges remained standing. It was thought that immuring living people in this manner would bring good luck to the structure. The song <nowiki>"London Bridge is Falling Down"</nowiki> may be about such sacrificial entombment. Usually the entombed victim would be left to dehydrate and starve to death, but sometimes they were fed regularly. In the latter case, immurement was more life imprisonment than a form of execution. There have been historical and fictional accounts of people being walled in alive. One story of fictional immuration is in the story The Cask of Armontillado by Edgar Allen Poe.

The first time that the city appeared in a map was in 1131 with the name Jordi de Sassaro, in 1135 the name was Tathari. The city grown up very fast and in 1294, became a "libero comune" (independent municipality). In the early 14th century the island of Sardinia was occupied by the Aragonese, the municipality sent a delegation to the court of Aragon, but they did not achieve any agreement. So with the support of the Republic of Genoa and the Doria's family, the people of Sassari rose up against the invaders, until 1417 when the king Alfonso V granted an acceptable status to the town. In 1617 in town the Jesuits founded the University. In 1713, after the Treaty of Utrecht, in the island of Sardinia started the brief period of the Austro-Hungarian administration. In fact since 1720 the island was annexed by the House of Savoy and since then was born the Kingdom of Sardinia. But in 1793, after years of political struggle, in the island started an uprising, called “Sarda rivoluzione” (Sardinian revolution), led by the patriot Giovanni Maria Angioy, who entered triumphantly in the city of Sassari, followed by thousand of revolutionaries coming from all over the island. But the Savoy, stifled the rebellion with ferocity, reconquered the town. But the rebellion in town will continued until the middle of the 19th century.
In 1861 the Kingdom of Sardinia, after the campaign to unify Italy and the annexation of many small states, it became the founding state of the new Kingdom of Italy. Since then Sassari is an Italian city.

South Korea's history began with Dangunwanggeom's Gojoseon. Gojoseon was conquered by Han China. After Gojoseon collapsed, there were a lot of countries such as Buyeo, Okjeo, Dongyae, and Samhan. But Baekje, Goguryeo, and Silla were the strongest. So their period began, and it is called the Three Kingdoms Period. Goguryeo and Baekje were conquered by Silla and Dang China's allied forces, and Silla unified the three kingdoms. There was another country, Balhae. Balhae was founded by Dae Jo-Young. Later Silla and Balhae's period is called the South and North Countries Period. A rebellion in Later Silla caused the birth of a new nation: Goryeo, which was founded by Wanggeon. Mongolia's invaded Goryeo. Near the end of the Goryeo period, there was a great general Lee Seong-Gye. The king of Goryeo directed him to occupy Yodong, but he opposed it. However, Lee Seong-Gye went to Yodong to occupy it, but he returned to Goryeo and he revolted. His revolt succeeded, and he founded the country Joseon. Joseon's first king, Taejo, moved the capital to Hanyang (Seoul). Joseon's fourth king, Sejong, made the Korean alphabet, "Hangeul". Joseon's twenty-second king, Jeongjo, built the Hwaseong Fortress in Suwon. Joseon's twenty-sixth king, Gojong, changed the country's name to Daehanjeguk. When Daehanjaeguk's power weakened, Japan occupied it for 35 years until Japan's defeat in World War II in 1945. In 1950, there was a large and deadly war, the Korean War, which killed millions of people. As a result, Korea was split into two countries, North and South.

Heinrich Körner (born Heinrich Krczal, 2 July 1893 – 8 December 1961) was an Austrian football player and coach.
Born as Heinrich Krczal, the player joined SK Rapid Wien at the age of 14. He soon came into the reserves through the youth team and, after left winger Ferdinand Wolf's retirement, also into the first team. There he formed the left attack side with Leopold Grundwald. When the first championship title was played in 1911/12, the two played a key role in reaching the title. Krczal was a regular player until the outbreak of war and only played sporadically during the war years before he regularly took his place in the forward line again. During these years three more championship titles were won. In 1919, however, the player who was most recently used as a center forward lost his place in the first team. So he went to Wiener Amateur SV. He also took on the name Körner at this time. He only stayed for a few months and returned to Rapid during the season. He won two more championship titles and a cup victory.
He made his debut for the Austrian national football team on 15 June 1913 in Vienna in a 2-0 win against Italy. He was part of the team until the start of the war. In 1918 he returned to the team and played his last match on 9 May 1918 in a 5-1 win against the Swiss team .
After his active career, he started a coaching career in 1921. He worked nainly in Germany. There he became known as Heinz Körner. His first clubs were Union Gelsenkirchen, Stuttgarter Kickers , Fola Esch and Wiener AF in 1923. There he was playing coach.

The Big Bang produced a hot, dense, nearly homogeneous universe. As the universe expanded and cooled, particles, then nuclei, and finally atoms formed. At a redshift of about 1100, equal to about 400,000 years after the Big Bang, when the primordial plasma filling the universe cooled enough for protons and electrons to combine into neutral hydrogen atoms, the universe became optically thin by which photons from this early era no longer interacted with matter. We detect these photons today as the cosmic microwave background (CMB). The CMB shows that the universe was still smooth and uniform.
After the protons and electrons combined to produce the first hydrogen atoms, the universe contained a nearly uniform, almost completely neutral, intergalactic medium (IGM) for which the most amount of matter component was hydrogen gas. With no glowing sources present, these are known as the Dark Ages. Theoretical models predict that, over the next few hundred million years, gravity slowly condensed the gas into denser and denser regions, in which the first stars eventually appeared, marking Cosmic Dawn.
As more stars formed, and the first galaxies formed, they flooded the universe with ultraviolet photons capable of ionize hydrogen gas. A few hundred million years after Cosmic Dawn, the first stars produced enough ultraviolet photons to re-ionize essentially all the universe's hydrogen atoms. This is called the Reionization era which is the hallmark event of this early generation of galaxies.
The beginning of structural complexity in the universe caused a remarkable transformation, but one that we have not yet looked into. By going even farther back than what the Hubble telescope can see, the truly first structures in the universe can be studied. Theoretical models suggest that present measurements are beginning to find the last part of Reionization, but the first stars and galaxies, in the Dark Ages and the Cosmic Dawn, currently lie above our understanding.
DARE will make the first measurements of the birth of the first stars and black holes and will measure the properties of the invisible stellar objects. Such observations are important for placing current measurements in a proper context, and to understand how the first galaxies grew from earlier generations of structures.

The son of an Anglican pastor, Carlisle was raised during a time of religious persecution. His father led hunts for witches, werewolves, and vampires all in the name of ridding the world of evil. As his father grew older, Carlisle was placed in charge of the raids. Carlisle wasn’t as enthusiastic about killing as his father was, but he was clever enough to discover a coven of true vampires living in the sewers of the city. He set a trap for the vampires and chased one down. Carlisle believes that the vampire was actually too hungry to run and consciously decided to attack. The vampire fell on Carlisle and left him bleeding in the streets after killing two other men and taking off with a third. Knowing how his father would react, Carlisle crawled into a cellar and buried himself in rotting potatoes for the three days of the change. When he emerged, he was a vampire. At first he tried to destroy himself by jumping from great heights or drowning in the ocean. Somehow, he was so repelled by what he was that he resisted feeding off of humans. He even tried to kill himself with starvation.Eventually the thirst was too powerful and he attacked a herd of passing deer. He found that living off of the blood of animals could sustain his life and was infinitely more humane than taking the life of a human. Over the course of two centuries, he developed a sort of immunity to the scent of human blood and was able to become a medical doctor. Carlisle is the one who changes Edward, Esme, Rosalie and Emmett into vampire. He is immune to blood now and therefore can be in a room covered in blood and not attack. Carlisle also spent some time working with the Volturi.

All about Eve is a 1950 American drama movie. The movie was directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz. It stars Bette Davis, Anne Baxter, George Sanders and Celeste Holm. Marilyn Monroe, Hugh Marlowe, Thelma Ritter and Barbara Bates are also in the movie. It is about the young woman Eve Harrington becoming a star and replacing the current star Margot Channing. The film was a critical success. "All about Eve" was nominated for 14 Academy Awards. It won six, including Best Director and Best Picture. It is often considered one of the best films of all time.
Margo Channing (Bette Davis) is a Broadway star. She is getting older. Lloyd Richards is the playwright and husband of Karen Richards (Celesta Holm). A young woman Eve Harrington (Anne Baxter) tricks and manipulates Margo and Karen. Eve makes up a sad story, and Margo hires Eve as her assistant. Eve is secretly able to become Margo's understudy. Margo gets very upset. Karen feels sorry for Eve. Karen has Margo miss a performance so Eve can perform. The critic Addison DeWitt (George Sanders) interviews Eve and writes a bad review about Margo. At a restaurant, Eve threatens Karen to get the main role of Carlo. Usually, Margo plays this role. At the table, Margo says she does not want the part of Carlo. Eve gets the part. She tells Addison her plan to marry Lloyd. Addison knows about Eve's lies. He tells her how her story was fake. Her real name is Gertrude Slescynski. Addison says she belongs to him and blackmails Eve. At a ceremony, Eve gets the largest award. She thanks Margo, Bill, Lloyd, and Karen. Afterward, Eve meets Phoebe in her hotel. Phoebe imitates and adores Eve just like Eve did.

Most axons carry messages in the form of action potentials which start in the cell body of a neuron and travel down the axon. Axon potentials are terminated at the point where axons make contact with . The axon's body has a negative charge because of charged potassium ions and a positive charge outside (sodium ions). The difference is called the resting membrane potential about 70 millivolts in your body. When a neuron has a negative membrane potential it is said to be polarized. A protein in the nerve cell membrane adds to this difference in charge, since it pumps out three sodium ions for every two potassium ions it brings in. The difference in charge is called an , which the neuron wants to even  out. The cell membrane is also riddled with ion channels (examples are voltage gated channels, ligand gated channels, mechanically gated channels). When these gates open, the ions move down them to even out the differences in charges across the membrane; these actions are the key to all electrical events in neurons. If only a few channels open and only a few sodium ions pass through this is called a graded potential and only causes a small change in membrane potential in a localized part of the cell. Action potentials trigger release of voltage gated ion channels. Process: something stimulates you and causes the sodium channels to open causing the inner charge to increase. The stimuli has to be strong enough to trigger the action potential. At this level many voltage sodiums open causing a lot of sodium ions to enter the cell causing the cell to be massively depolarized, up to 40 mv. This causes a biological chain reaction causing the charges inside and outside the cell to swap. Repolarization is when voltage gated potassium ion channels cause the pot ions to go outside trying to rebalance the charges. This causes hyperpolarization which is when the membrane potential drops to -75mv before sodium potassium ;pumps take over and return everything to its resting level. Refractory period process during which the axon is not responsive to any other stimuli. The strength of an action potential is always the same, what changes is the frequency of the stimuli. The speed of conduction also varies, myelinated axons are faster than unmyelinated ones because impulses can jump from node to node in saltatory conduction.

On 24 August 2011, he scored his first goal of the new season. He scored it 20-yards from the goal. The match was against Exeter City. He made the score 3–0 in the second round of the League Cup. On 1 October 2011, he scored his first goal of the 2011–12 Premier League during a 2–0 victory over Everton at Goodison Park. His third goal of the season was in a 2–0 win away at West Brom. He scored his first goal of 2012 in a 5–1 third-round FA Cup victory against Oldham Athletic. He assisted the Dirk Kuyt goal in the 88th minute against Manchester United in the fourth round of the FA Cup on 28 January. As a result, Liverpool won the game. He scored his fifth goal of the season in a 3–0 victory away at Wolves on 31 January. This was on his first anniversary of joining the club. Liverpool won 6–1 against Brighton & Hove Albion in the fifth-round of the FA Cup. Carroll scored one goal and assisted one goal by Luis Suárez On 26 February, he won his first trophy with Liverpool as they won the League Cup. They beat Cardiff in the Final. On 10 April, he scored a goal from a header against Blackburn during injury-time Liverpool won the match. This ended Liverpool's run of four games without a win. Four days later, he headed in another late goal which won Liverpool the match. This time it was in a 2–1 victory against Everton in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. Because of his goal, Liverpool qualified to the Final. This was his 50th match played for Liverpool. Carroll described his match-winning goal as "the best feeling ever". Team-mate Jamie Carragher said the goal was "worth £35 million in itself". He also that Carroll would "be remembered forever". Carroll also scored in the final, which Liverpool lost 2–1 to Chelsea.

Theni district is a district of the Tamil Nadu state in South India. The city of Theni is the district headquarters. The district is divided into two natural divisions: The hilly areas are constituted by parts of three taluks: Periyakulam, Uthamapalayam, and Andipatti with thick vegetation and perennial streams from the hills on the western side and Cumbum valley which lies in the Uthamapalayam taluk. As of 2011, Theni district had a population of 1,245,899 with a sex-ratio of 991 females for every 1,000 males.
Land area for farming in Theni district is 40.33%. The principal crop production (in tonnes) in 2005-2006 was: sugarcane 1,201,221, cotton 95,360 (561 bales of 170. kg lint each), rice (paddy) 66,093, millets and other cereals 57,081, pulses (legumes) 6,677, peanut (groundnut) 4,021 and sesame (gingelly) 325.
silk, banana, coconut, tea, coffee, cardamom, grapes and mango are other main produce of the district.
Cumbum Valley is a major centre for grape production with 4,000 small farmers producing over 90,000 tonnes of muscat grapes.
Cotton-spinning mills and sugar mills are the major industries in this district. In Andipatti Taluk, handloom weaving and power looms are flourishing. In Uthamapalayam Taluk, the Highwavis Estate produces an important amount of tea. Bodinayakanur is a major marketplace for cardamom, coffee, tea and black pepper. This city is also called "Cardamom City" because of the large quantity of cardamom trade in this area. It has an auction centre for cardamom.

With a new mission to do, Din Djarin learns that another Mandalorian on Tatooine can help him locate a Jedi so they can Grogu, but only if he gets their armor back. But instead a marshal, Cobb Vanth, who isn't a Mandalorian, is wearing the armor but they both cut a deal for the armor. As Mando rides away a once thought dead, Boba Fett looks on at Din who is unknowingly in procession of his armor. Mando then arrives on another planet after helping the Frog Lady who promised information. Din goes on a mission with Mandalorian, Bo-Katan Kryze who tells him to seek out Ahsoka Tano. Mando goes and finds Ahsoka who tells him Grogu's real name and his past. He helps her on a mission but she refuses to train Grogu and tells Din Djarin to place The Child on a seeing stone and he will chose his path. When Mando and Grogu go do this another bounty hunter comes after them, Boba Fett had been tracking them in hopes of getting his armor back. Mando agrees to give him the armor as long as Boba and his sidekick, Fennec Shand help protect Grogu from the incoming Imperial forces. But they fail to do so and The Child is captured by the Empire but not before sending out a call to any surviving Jedi through The Force. Mando, Boba and Fennec recruit Cara to help get Grogu back and after getting the location of Moff Gideon's cruiser they head off to fight him with the help of Bo-Katan. They are met with strong resistance when they attack the cruiser and Mando duels Moff Gideon in order to get The Child. They are eventually cornered in the command bridge by Imperial elite troopers when a single X-Wing starfighter shows up. Unknown to the others but The Child grabs at the security screen as a dark figure in a green lightsaber cuts down troopers and makes his way to the bridge. Luke Skywalker greets them and tells them he has come for The Child and he is to be trained. Grogu and Din Djarin have an emotional goodbye before he leaves.

The Kyoto Protocol is a plan created by the United Nations for the "United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change" that tries to reduce the effects of climate change, such as global warming. The plan says that countries that adopt (follow) the Kyoto Protocol have to try to reduce how much carbon dioxide (and other "greenhouse gases" that pollute the atmosphere) they release into the air.
The full name of the Kyoto Protocol is the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. It is called the "Kyoto" Protocol because it was made in Kyoto, Japan. The Kyoto Protocol was officially put into "full force" on February 16, 2005. On February 16, Russia began to follow (ratify) the Kyoto Protocol and it was decided to be put into "full force". As of 2020, 192 countries have agreed to follow the Kyoto Protocol.
There are still 29 countries which have not yet adopted it. Croatia and Kazakhstan have signed the treaty, but have not ratified it (made it a law they have to follow). Donald Trump and The United States of America has signed it but said that they will not ratify it. Australia has only recently ratified the Kyoto Protocol under the previous Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd. Both of these countries have said that the fact that China and India are using exceptions to the treaty (those countries believe parts of the treaty do not apply to them and they will not follow those parts) in the name of industrialization is unfair and that they will not ratify because of this, although it is believed that the U.S. and Australia are protecting their economic interests by not ratifying. The countries' leaders say that changing their use of greenhouse gases will make their people lose jobs. The twenty four other countries have neither signed nor ratified the treaty.

The movie didn't have circus scenes at first. Vasan added them later during production. The script changed for that scene. Hundreds of circus elephants were used to free Veerasimhan from a cave. Kittoo traveled South India and Ceylon (Sri Lanka). He saw 50+ circuses. He chose Kamala Circus and Parasuram Lion Circus; Vasan hired Kamala for a month. The circus scenes were filmed by K. Ramnoth. Below, find Kittoo talking about the cameraperson's job:In those days, we had no zoom lenses and yet Ramnoth did it. One night, while Chandralekha is performing on the flying trapeze, she notices the villain's henchman in the front row. She is on her perch high up and he is seated in a ringside chair. Shock hits her and to convey the shock the camera zooms quickly from her to the man. Today, with a fast zoom shot it can be done very easily, but there was no such lens forty years ago. Ramnoth did it using the crane. He planned it well and rehearsed the shot for long. He took the shot 20 times and selected the best "take".Raghavachari left. The drum-dance scene he did stayed. It had 400 dancers. They rehearsed daily for six months. A. K. Sekhar designed it. and Jayashankar choreographed it. Kamal Ghosh filmed it with four cameras. Randor Guy thought it cost ₹500,000 (about US$105,000 in 1948). Swarnavel Eswaran Pillai estimated it cost ₹200,000, which was the whole budget for a typical Tamil movie at that time. The scene included the Kathakali and Bharatanatyam classical dances and the Sri Lankan Kandyan dance. A. Vincent, who later became a famous cinematographer and director in Malayalam cinema, helped Ghosh in this film.

The Phoenicians were a culture that existed in the coastal region of the Levant as early as the 3rd millennium BC. They were not a significant culture until about 1100 BC. By the 9th century BC the Phoenicians had became the dominant culture in the Mediterranean Sea. They grew wealthy through trade. Instead of war they used trade agreements and alliances to expand their colonies. The Phoenicians developed advanced navigational skills and had the best ships in the Mediterranean. They explored over land routes and developed caravan routes to trade with distant places. Carthage got its start as a Phoenician colony on the north coast of Africa. It grew to be their largest and most successful colony. 
Gradually the western Mediterranean Phoenician colonies all came under the control of Carthage. The Carthaginians were explorers too. Two major explorations are mentioned by early writers. Both took place around 500 BC. Pliny the Elder wrote that Carthage sent an explorer named Himilco to explore the remote parts of Europe. The report, or "periplus" (sailing record), has not survived but other early writers have seen it. He had as many as 60 ships in his fleet. He would have traveled along the Iberian Peninsula up the coast of Gaul. Avienus, a Roman writer of the 4th century AD, wrote about the expedition. Himilco moved north from Brittany to the British Isles. It is likely he was looking for tin, a rare metal at the time. He reached a land called , “The Holy Island”, generally believed to be Ireland.
About the same time, Hanno the Navigator was sent to explore the western coast of Africa. His periplus has survived and is one of the earliest surviving manuscripts. The periplus records landmarks, ports and sailing distance between them. It is a guide for other ship captains to follow. Hanno's 60 ships moved south along the African coast. He may have reached as far as an island off the coast of Sierra Leone. There is no record of any other explorations of the west Africa coast until the time of Henry the Navigator, the Portuguese explorer.

The Cellular Jail, also known as Kālā Pānī (Hindi for "black waters"), was a colonial prison in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, India. The prison was used by the British especially to exile political prisoners to the remote archipelago. Many notable dissidents such as Batukeshwar Dutt, Yogendra Shukla and Vinayak Damodar Savarkar, among others, were imprisoned here during the struggle for India's independence. Today, the complex serves as a national memorial monument.
The construction of the prison started in 1896 and was completed in 1906. The original building was a puce-colored brick building.The bricks used to build the building were brought from Burma.Each of the seven wings had three stories upon completion. There were no dormitories and a total of 696 cells. Each cell was in size with a ventilator located at a height of .
The name, "cellular jail", derived from the solitary cells which prevented any prisoner from communicating with any other. Also, the spokes were so designed such that the face of a cell in a spoke saw the back of cells in another spoke. This way, communication between prisoners was impossible.
The Empire of Japan invaded the Andaman islands in 1942 and drove out the British. The Cellular Jail then became home to British prisoners. During this period, Subhas Chandra Bose also visited the island. In 1945, the British resumed control with the end of World War II.
Another two wings of the jail were demolished after India achieved independence. However, this led to protests from several former prisoners and political leaders who saw it as a way of erasing the evidence of their persecution. The remaining three wings and the central tower were therefore converted into a National Memorial on 11th February 1979 by then Prime Minister of India Shri.Morarji Desai.

Marley continues to give John new material for his column by causing havoc on the house and readers loved it. Jenny becomes pregnant but the baby dies in her first trimester so they decide to take a belated honeymoon to Ireland and leave Marley with a dog sitter and becomes a handful for the dog sitter because of the thunderstorms that are around there. Upon returning from their honeymoon Jenny finds that she is pregnant again and gives birth to a girl, Liv. Jenny also has a second child Connor and quits her job to become a stay-at-home mom and John take the daily column at work to increase their paycheck. With the crime rate near their home, John and Jenny move to a house in a safer neighbourhood in Boca Raton. Jenny is experiencing all the signs of postpartum depression though she denies it and grows impatient of Marley and John and thinks they should give Marley away while John asks Sebastian to take care of her but Jenny realizes that Marley has become an indispensable part of the family and decides that she can stay. Sebastian takes a job in New York for "The New York Times" and moves. A couple years later Jenny has a third child a daughter, Colleen. The family moves to Pennsylvania when John takes a job for "The Philadelphia Inquirer" with Jenny's approval. Life is good until Marley begins to have arthritis and deafness and develops an attack of gastric dilatation volvulus though she survives it she has another attack and it was clear that surgery would not help the situation, John has Marley euthanized while beside her. The family bury Marley under a tree in their front yard after paying their last respects to her.

In the Haya Chak Era, when King Sentreng Apanba reigned in Antique Kangleipak (Ancient Manipur), he had a nobleman named Khulen Nganba who had two wives, the senior named Yangkhuleima (Yangkhureima, Yaibireima or Yaipileima) and the junior named Sangkhuleima (Sankhureima). By the grace of God, the elder one had a daughter named Sandrembi (Sanarembi) ("and also boy" in another version) and the younger one had only one daughter named Chaisra (Cheisra). The father died after sometime. The two widows used to go to market for selling vegetables and go to Shilempat (Shilem lake) to catch fish for livelihood. Sangkhuleima, the younger widow always thought of ways to harm Yangkhuleima, the elder one. One day, it so happened that Yangkhuleima (the elder) caught all types of fish but Sangkhuleima (the younger) caught some snakes and reptiles and not a single fish. Both of them took rest under a fig tree. She grew envious of the fate of the elder one and climbed up the fig tree for plucking the fruits. Once or twice she dropped the fig fruits to the elder one who partook of the juice. At last, the latter was made to close her eyes and open her mouth to swallow the most delicious fruit. Then she poured the snakes from her fish basket. The poor woman swallowed them and died on account of snake bite. Sangkhuleima came down and pushed the dead body of Yangkhuleima into the deep water of the lake. It got transformed into a tortoise (or turtle). Everybody was shocked to hear from Sangkhuleima, the younger co-wife, about news of the tragic death of Yangkhuleima, the elder widow by drowning. In another version of the story, Sangkhuleima told others that stubborn Yangkhuleima didn't want to return home and insisted on staying to catch fish until sunset.

After the death of Mithridates II of Parthia his son Gotarzes I succeeded him. He reigned during a period coined in scholarship as the "Parthian Dark Age," due to the lack of clear information on the events of this period in the empire, except a series of, apparently overlapping, reigns. This system of split monarchy weakened Parthia, allowing Tigranes II of Armenia to annex Parthian territory in western Mesopotamia. This land would not be restored to Parthia until the reign of Sinatruces ("r". c. 78–69 BC). In 83 BC, after bloody strife for the throne of Syria, governed by the Seleucids, the Syrians decided to choose Tigranes as the protector of their kingdom and offered him the crown of Syria. He then conquered Phoenicia and Cilicia, effectively putting an end to the last remnants of the Seleucid Empire, though a few holdout cities appear to have recognized the shadowy boy-king Seleucus VII Philometor as the legitimate king during his reign. The southern border of his domain reached as far as Ptolemais. Many of the inhabitants of conquered cities were sent to his new metropolis of Tigranocerta.
Under reign of Tigranes the Great, Kingdom of Armenia stretched from the Caspian Sea to the Mediterranean and the Kingdom of Armenia was called the "Armenian empire" during her reign. At one time, the domains of Tigranes the Great stretched from the shores of the Caspian Sea to the Mediterranean, from Mesopotamia up to the Pontic Alps. The vast empire, formed of a varied mixture of diverse tribes, with their own dialects and cultures, could hardly be turned over- night into a cohesive and durable political structure. Inner disunity aided the designs of the Romans, who launched a series of onslaughts on the Armenian dynasty, beginning with the invasion by Lucullus in 69–8 B.C, and culminating in the campaigns of Pompey in Armenia, Iberia and Colchis in 66–5 B.C. The downfall of Tigranes the Great was precipitated by the flight of his son, Tigranes the Younger, to the court of the Parthian king Phraates III, who supplied him with an army with which to invade Armenia, and join forces with the victorious Romans. Armenia became a Roman client kingdom in 66 BC, after the final defeat of Armenia's ally, Mithridates VI of Pontus by Pompey at the Battle of the Lycus.

When Thoibi was on her way back home, her suitor Angom Nongban Kongyamba waited for her. Kongyamba asked his watchmen if Princess Thoibi was coming. After looking carefully, they shouted,
"Lo, the Princess is at band."
Thoibi heard the shout. She instructed her companions to sit near her if the man was Khamba but far away if the man was Kongyamba.
It was Kongyamba and not Khamba. 
However, she went on. She pretended to be friendly to him. She sat on the red carpet Kongyamba had brought. However, she placed a stick between Kongyamba and herself. She asked him for fruit to eat. Kongyamba brought her fruit. But she did not eat the fruit. She pretended to get ill due to her long journey from Kabaw. Kongyamba was worried. 
She asked Kongyamba to let her ride on his horse. He agreed. So Thoibi rode Kongyamba's horse and Kongyamba rode in Thoibi's palanquin. 
Suddenly, Thoibi galloped off on the horse towards Khamba's house. Khamba met her there. They wept because they were together again.
Kongyamba was angry that he had been tricked a girl. He asked the king's ministers to act. Minister Thonglen and Minister Nongtholba sent men to protect Khamba and Thoibi from their enemies.
The matter was set before the King in the royal court. The king wanted to solve the issue by the trial of the spear. During the talk, an old man came to the meet the king. The old man told him that a ferocious tiger was a great threat to the villagers in a place called Khoirentak. 
The king changed his mind. He said he would use the tiger to decide what to do. He said that person who killed the tiger could marry Princess Thoibi.

Essen has nine districts ("Bezirke") and 50 boroughs ("Stadtteile"). The most famous and most known are "Kettwig", until 1975 a separate town and not part of Essen, with the "Altstadt" of Kettwig, where many timber framing houses are ("Fachwerkhäuser"). Also well-known is "Werden". It lays like Kettwig in the south of the city and is the oldest borough of Essen. The "Werden abbey" stands here. In Essen-"Rüttenscheid" there are many cultural buildings (like the "Folkwang" or the "Ruhrland" museum). The WDR-studio and Essen's trade fair, the "Gruga" are also in Rüttenscheid. In the north of Essen is "Katernberg", where in the past the coal mine workers lived. Here is "Zeche Zollverein". In Katernberg, many houses were built by the Krupp family for their workers. Another big coal mine worker's borough, perhaps the biggest, is "Margarethenhöhe" near Rüttenscheid. It is named after Margarethe Krupp, wife of Friedrich Alfred Krupp. The Krupps wanted their workers to be absolutely dependent on them. So they built houses and malls for them, where they should spend their money, what they got from Krupp, again to the industrials. Today Margarethenhöhe is one of the most beautiful boroughs of Essen. Another big borough of Essen is "Steele" in the east of the city, that was in the 19th and early 20th century a city as big as Essen. In the west of Essen is "Borbeck", which was long separate from Essen. In Borbeck is the great Borbeck Castle ("Schloss Borbeck"). The people of Borbeck speak their own regional dialect, the "Borbecker Platt".

After she was divorced from Johnson in 1983, Gifford met sports commentator Frank Gifford (born August 16, 1930) during an episode of ABC's "Good Morning America"; they both married in 1986. By that time she was several months into her most famous television role, as a full-time morning talk show personality. On June 24, 1985, she replaced Ann Abernathy as co-host of "The Morning Show" on WABC-TV with Regis Philbin. The program went into national broadcast in 1988 as "Live! with Regis and Kathie Lee", and Gifford became well-known across the country. In the 1990s, millions of morning-TV viewers watched her descriptions of life at home with her husband and their two children. She appeared as a spokesperson for Slim Fast diet shakes after her son, Cody, was born. She also was a celebrity of Carnival Cruises in the late 1980s and early 1990s, singing "If my friends could see me now!" Gifford left Live with Regis and Kathie Lee on 2000 after 15 years to focus on spending time with family and continue her singing career.
In 1996 the National Labor Committee, a human rights group, reported that sweatshop labor was being used to make clothes for the Kathie Lee line, sold at Walmart. The group reported that a worker in Honduras smuggled a piece of clothing out of the factory, which had a Kathie Lee label on it. One of the workers, Wendy Diaz, came to the United States to testify about the conditions under which she worked. Diaz commented, "I wish I could talk to [Kathie Lee]. If she's good, she will help us."

Mechanical ventilators work by themselves without manual operation and are usually controlled by computers, and can be powered by either electricity connected to a wall outlet or battery, or pneumatics without the use of electricity. The air can be moved in and out of the patient by attaching an oxygen mask on the patient or by connecting the ventilator to a breathing tube inserted into the nostrils, the larynx or the trachea. They are used to help the patient breathe for a long period of time.
Positive pressure ventilators work by blowing air from the outside or from an oxygen tank or air tank through a pneumatic reservoir which holds and compressing the air, or through a turbine which turns around and forces the air through a mask or breathing tube and into the patient. As the air is forced into the lungs, the patient would later breathe out through a "patient circuit" with a one-way valve.
On the other hand, a negative pressure ventilator, also known as an "iron lung" or a tank respirator, is a chamber which is enclosed around the patient's chest and lowers the pressure inside the chamber around the chest area to a point in which the pressure inside the chamber is less than the pressure outside allowing the patient to breathe in, and then the pressure inside heightens to a point in which the pressure inside the chamber is greater than the pressure outside allowing the patient to breathe out. This process occurs periodically. Negative pressure ventilators are now considered obsolete and instead positive pressure ventilators are used in its place.

Spain qualified for a big women's tournament in 1997 and reached the semi-finals in their first European Championship. They also made it to their first Women's World Cup in 2015. Their best result in the Women's World Cup before was getting to the round of 16 in 2019. Before the tournament started, Spain was ranked sixth in the FIFA Women's World Ranking. They were in group C with Costa Rica, Zambia, and 2011 champions Japan. In their first game of the World Cup against Costa Rica, there was an own goal from Costa Rican player Valeria del Campo. Then, Aitana Bonmatí and Esther González scored two more goals in four minutes, and Spain won 3–0. In their next game, Spain beat Zambia 5–0, with Teresa Abelleira scoring the opening goal in the ninth minute. Alba Redondo and Jennifer Hermoso also scored goals, and it was Jennifer Hermoso's 100th match. In the last group game against Japan, Spain lost 4–0, with two goals from Hinata Miyazawa. In the round of 16, Spain played against Switzerland, who won Group A. Aitana Bonmatí scored first, but then there was an own goal from Laia Codina that gave Switzerland a goal. Spain then scored three more goals in the first half to lead 4–1 at halftime. In the second half, Spain scored one more goal, and the match ended 5–1. In the quarter-finals, Spain played against the Netherlands. Mariona Caldentey scored from a penalty in the 81st minute to give Spain the lead. The Netherlands equalised later, and the game went into extra time. Salma Paralluelo scored the winning goal in extra time.

The chaos continued as other royal guards were found and beaten; at least one more was killed and his head too appeared atop a pike. Finally, the fury of the attack subsided enough to permit some communication between the former French Guards, who formed the professional core of Lafayette's National Guard militia, and the royal "gardes du corps". The units had a history of cooperation and a military sense of mutual respect, and Lafayette, who had been sleeping, awoke and intervened. The two groups of soldiers were reconciled by Lafayette and a tenuous peace was established within the palace.
The fighting stopped, and the two commands of troops had cleared the inside of the palace. The mob was still present outside the palace. The rank and file of both the Flanders Regiment and another regular unit present, the Montmorency Dragoons, now appeared unwilling to act against the people. While the "guet" (watch) of Gardes du Corps on palace duty overnight had shown courage in protecting the royal family, the main body of the regiment had abandoned their position near the Triannon and retreated to Rambouillet at dawn. Lafayette convinced the king to address the crowd. When the two men stepped out on a balcony an unexpected cry went up: ""Vive le Roi!"" (Long live the king!) The relieved king briefly conveyed his willingness to return to Paris, acceding "to the love of my good and faithful subjects". As the crowd cheered, Lafayette stoked their joy by dramatically pinning a tricolor cockade to the hat of the king's nearest bodyguard.

The English army reached Tor Wood on June 23rd and stopped. They were met by Sir Philip Mowbray, the English commander of Stirling Castle. He told the king there was no need for battle. Edward had fulfilled his obligation to relieve the castle by coming within three leagues. Also he had seen Bruce's preparations and warned of trying to attack the Scots with heavy cavalry. Like Edward II and his commanders, Mowbray thought the Scots would retreat when they saw the size of Edward's great army. The vanguard of Edward's forces under Gloucester had already crossed the ford over the Bannockburn towards the Scottish lines. An English knight Henry de Bohun was riding ahead of his companions when he caught sight of 
the Scottish king inspecting some of his lines. De Bohun lowered his lance and charged. Robert the Bruce was mounted on a small palfrey and armed with a battle-axe He could have simply moved behind his men and let them repel the charging warhorse and rider. Instead he turned his horse and rode towards de Bohun. At the last moment Bruce swerved his horse to one side, missing de Bohun's lance. He then rose in his stirrups and brought down his axe with such force he cut through de Bohun's helmet killing him instantly. There was a stunned silence by both armies then a great cheer rose among the Scottish soldiers. Then the highlanders of Bruce's own division charged the English cavalry who were still lining up. The horses of the Earl of Gloucester and several others stumbled as they fell into the hidden pits. The earl was rescued but the English cavalry fled from the charging Scots. King Robert stopped their charge and they returned to their lines. This showed how well-disciplined the Scottish soldiers had become.

"Kingdom Hearts II" is the third game of the series for PlayStation 2. It was released in Japan on December 22, 2005, in North America on March 28, 2006 and in Europe on September 29, 2006. The game begins with Roxas, Hayner, Pence and Olette, living in Twilight Town and planning a summer vacation. As Roxas confronts Axel, Naminé and DiZ, Roxas realizes that the memory will change so he can become whole. Before disappearing, Roxas finds Sora in suspended animation. Sora, Donald and Goofy wake up, and resume their mission on finding Mickey and Riku. They meet the remaining members of Organization XIII and learn that they are beings called Nobodies. When a Heartless steals someone's heart, that person also becomes a Heartless, but if their heart is strong, it becomes a Nobody. Nobodies have no emotions, but want to have hearts again. Xemnas, the leader of Organization XIII, attempts to summon Kingdom Hearts, by defeating the Heartless to release the hearts they hold and allow the Nobodies to retrieve them. This is the reason the Organization wanted Sora to join them. It is later revealed that Roxas and Naminé are the Nobodies of Sora and Kairi, when they lost each hearts from the beginning. Xemnas is the Nobody of Xehanort and Ansem is Xehanort's Heartless. After defeating Xemnas, Sora and his friends return to Destiny Islands. "Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix +" is a reissue of the game released only in Japan on March 29, 2007. It has more features, including new areas, battles and a secret ending.

On July 12th 2006, Hezbollah launched an attack against an Israeli division while it was patrolling along the border. During this operation, later named "Operation Truthful Promise," Hezbollah killed three Israelis and two were captured. In addition to the first three casualties, five other Israeli fighters were killed due to a Hezbollah anti-tank mine while trying to rescue their colleagues. Hezbollah hoped for the exchange of Palestinian and Arab prisoners held by Israel in return for the captured Israeli soldiers. Israel responded to this attack with a bombardment of artillery and airstrikes on Hezbollah targets and began a ground invasion of southern Lebanon.
Only few hours after the initial Hezbollah attack, Israeli authorities decided to retaliate and launched the "Operation Change of Direction". This bombing not only targeted military objectives but also civilian ones. Israel bombed South Lebanon villages, as well as numerous building blocks in the South of Beirut. One of the most significant of these attacks was the bombing of the Beirut airport, which killed 44 civilians. Early in the hours of the next day, Israeli forces conducted Operation Density, an aerial attack lasting 34 minutes that wiped out much of Hezbollah's missile and rocket supply, though Israeli reports often exaggerated the toll. Much of the war was conducted in the air, with the Israeli Air Force flying 11,897 missions in total and the Israeli artillery firing 170,000 shells. These were unprecedented numbers for the military.
Aside from airstrikes, from the first days of the conflict, Israel launched a ground attack on South Lebanon against Hezbollah. The goal of this attack was to repel Hezbollah from the Israeli border, in order to establish a security zone.

The history of the British Museum began with the Irish born British physicist Hans Sloane, who died aged 93 in 1753. During his life, he had collected many important things from all around the world. When he died, he did not want his collection to be split up between his relatives. He sold his collection to the parliament of King George II. The parliament set up the British Museum to hold the collection. By the time he died, Sloane had collected over 80,000 objects from all over the world including Egypt, Greece, Rome and the Americas. The collection was mostly books and manuscripts. There were many important archaeological pieces included as well.
The government looked at many possible places to build the new museum, including Buckingham House, which later became Buckingham Palace. Eventually a building called Montagu House was chosen. The Museum opened on 15 January 1759, although all visitors had to be shown around by stewards. Over the years the museum began to concentrate more and more on historical objects and sculptures. For this reason they were given the Rosetta Stone by King George III in 1802. The Rosetta Stone had previously been important to French historians trying understand the Hieroglyph language written by the Ancient Egyptians. In 1816 the Museum acquired the Elgin Marbles from Thomas Bruce, 7th Earl of Elgin. Elgin had taken them from the Parthenon in Athens, Greece several years earlier. Many people disagreed with the way Elgin took them from Greece. They compared his acts to looting and vandalism. People still argue about this issue today.
In 1822 King George III donated the entire Royal Library to the museum. This contained over 65,000 books and pamphlets. In 1823 the original building was demolished and work began on new buildings to hold the ever growing collection. Some of the space was freed up when the National Gallery opened in 1824, as many of the Museum's paintings and drawings were moved there.

goodwill during ancient times in hindu culture. The story goes when king Bali captured the Adobe of hindu demigods and caused them a fierce battle. 'Aditi' - the mother figure of demigods in hinduism prayed to Lord Vishnu and pleased by her prayers, Lord Vishnu appeared and assured her a boon. In a thought of revenge , she wished that may Bali loose his whole wealth and power." 
Lord Vamana (lord Vishnu) when asked Bali for three feet land then Bali laughed and said "Brahamandeva (O Brahmin) you might have asked many luxurious things from me as dakshina but you asked such a menial thing of land of a three feet quantity?" After which Lord Vamana grew so large in size as his one feet could cover whole Earth and other whole heaven! That means, whole land property of Bali was under control of lord Vamana. As per Bali's oath, there was no more land to donate and one feet of lord was remaining. Bali asked lord about who is greater, the thing or who gives the thing? Lord answer was the donar or giver of the thing is greater than the thing. Then king Bali asked the Lord to keep his third feet on his (Bali) head! Pleased by this act of Bali lord promised him the rule of 'Patal' (the underEarth) and promised to protect Bali and his kingdom and slay whosoever disobeys Bali in patal. 
It is believed that for 3 day during 'savan'or rainy season , king Bali returns to Earth. These three days are celebrated as Onam in Indian state of 'kerala'. During this festival , the idols of lord Vishnu and king bali are made out of rice and worshiped. A famous boat race is also organised across kerala in honour of king Bali. The people from every faith in kerala celebrate this feast. It is a regional festival of Keralites.

The Twelve Days of Christmas is an English Christmas carol which was published around 1780 but may predate the publication by centuries. It is a cumulative carol. It depicts a succession of gifts given (a variety of birds and five golden rings) and people and activities having to do with a Twelve Days of Christmas feast holiday (from Christmas Day to Epiphany), possibly in a royal court. (There have been claims on social media that) it was written by Catholics in hiding during the days of Queen Elizabeth I of England's persecution. (The claim is that) it was invented (evidence needed of origin) to help teach children articles of the Catholic faith without drawing attention from government officials, using imagery as a tool to help the children remember. (However the articles of faith listed existed in both the Catholic faith and Church of England and this claim appears to be debunked.) The song represents increasingly grand gifts given during each of The Twelve Days of Christmas. In the claim the following meanings were attached: The partridge in a pear tree symbolizes Christ on the Cross. The two turtledoves represent his Human and divine nature, the two books of the Old and New Testament, and the two tablets the Ten Commandments were carved on. The three French hens symbolize the Trinity of the Catholic faith: God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, as well as the three Cardinal virtues of Faith, Hope and Charity. The four calling birds were the four Evangelists who wrote the gospels, etc.
This Christmas song has been subject to parody numerous times and has been covered by multiple musicians, including though not limited to Connie Francis, Natalie Cole, and the Muppets over many years.

Although both the 6th and 18th Army were in place at the Dutch border, the first, larger force would move south of Venlo to Belgium. This would leave just the 18th Army under General Georg von Küchler to attack the Dutch main force. Of all German armies in the battle, this was the weakest. It contained only four regular infantry divisions and three reserve divisions. They had few professional officers and little fighting experience. Like the Dutch Army, most soldiers (88%) lacked training. The seventh division was the 526th Infantry Division, which lacked combat training. The German divisions had 17,807 men, fifty percent larger than their Dutch counterparts. They had twice their firepower, but even so they did mot have enough men for a successful attack. To add more men, the only German cavalry division, the 1st "Kavalleriedivision" was told to capture the weakly defended provinces east of the river IJssel. A landing in Holland near Enkhuizen was to be attempted, using barges. As both efforts were unlikely to do well, the regular divisions were reinforced by the "SS-Verfügungsdivision" and "Leibstandarte Adolf Hitler". These would attack the Dutch fortified positions. Still this added only 1 division to the equation.
To ensure a victory the Germans used new methods. The Germans had trained two airborne divisions. The first of these, the "7. Flieger-Division", was paratroopers; the second, the 22nd "Luftlande-Infanteriedivision", of airborne infantry. The airborne troops would capture the airfields around The Hague, and then capture the government, together with the Dutch High Command and Queen Wilhelmina.

"Feelin' So Good" opens with a intertitle that features a behind-the-scenes look at Lopez during the artwork shoot for "On the 6", artist's proof of said photoshoot and brief clips of the music videos to the album's five singles. In the second chapter, "Why Risk a Music Career?", Lopez is interviewed by her sister Lynda Lopez, who oversees each interview segment, about the risks of starting a music career after having an already thriving movie career. Lopez then confers, in the chapter "Press Tours / Promotions", about the extensive promotional schedule she was on to promote the album. She examines the differences in promoting an album and a film, stating that promoting an album is more "personal" as it is something that is "closer to your heart" and something she "really believes in". According to Lopez, by the end of the promotional tour for the album she "lost" her voice from the amount of interviews she had. Following this, Lopez's performance of the Darkchild remix of "If You Had My Love" at the 1999 VH1 Fashion Awards is shown. In the fifth chapter, "Beginning of the Year", Lopez discusses her hectic schedule in the beginning of 1999; balancing film events and choosing the album's first single and shooting its music video. Lopez then goes into detail about the concept behind the music video of "If You Had My Love". Lopez then explains how her duet with Marc Anthony on "No Me Ames" came about and the concept of the video. Video footage is shown, as Lopez discusses her first ever live performance, with "No Me Ames", in April 1999 at Madison Square Garden alongside Marc Anthony. Following this, the official music video to "No Me Ames" is shown.

When used as a measure of money, it refers to a talent-weight of gold or of silver. The gold talent is reported as weighing roughly the same as a person, and so perhaps 50 kg (>110 lb avoirdupois). Some authorities say that the talent typically weighed about 33 kg (>72 lb) varying from 20 to 40 kg. In June, 2018, the international price of gold was about US $41,155.69 per kilogram. One gram costs about $38. At this price, a talent (33 kg) would be worth about $1,400,116.57. Similarly, in February 2016, the price of silver was about $15 per troy ounce or about 50 cents per gram, so a 33 kg silver talent would be worth about $16,500. Thus when we read that King Auletes of Egypt paid Gaius Julius Caesar the sum of 6,000 talents of gold to grant him the status of a "Friend and Ally of the Roman People," this amount would be worth about US$8,400,000,000 today! These estimates are only rough values, because they are based on modern estimates.The value of silver in comparison to gold drastically changed. This is because of the output of the Spanish silver mines in the New World. In ancient times the same amount of silver was often worth more than gold. The estimates do not account for the less technical mining ability of the time, nor that there were still native deposits available. Later in Roman history, during the medieval Byzantine period, the emperor Basil II was said to have stockpiled the legendary amount of 200,000 talents of gold which, in modern terms, would be worth approximately US$280,023,314,760. At any rate, he did save enough money that the Byzantine government was able to remit all taxes paid during the final two years of his reign.

The party had been in power since 7 February 2008. It attempted to win a fourth consecutive general election. UDP Leader and Prime Minister, Dean Barrow stated he would step down from both positions on 2 November 2020, after the new Prime Minister of Belize has been officially sworn-in by Govonor-General, Colville Young. The UDP scheduled a May 2019 convention and election, but after Barrow’s cabinet urged him to stay on as Prime Minister and Leader of the UDP, he pushed back that date in January 2019 to February 2020. On 10 August 2019, The UDP’s National Party Council met and set the date of the UDP’s leadership convention and election on 9 February 2019. The venue will be at the Belize Civic Centre, according to the party organ, The Guardian. Deputy Prime Minister of Belize, Patrick Faber and Minister of National Security and Defence, John Saldivar contested the position of UDP Leader. Minister of Health, Pablo Marin contested the position of Deputy Leader. Minister of Natural Resources, Hugo Patt also contested for Deputy Leader. Patt and Minister of Foreign Affairs, Wilfred Elrington were mentioned as possible candidates to contest the position of UDP Leader. However, both declined in June 2018. On 5 June 2019, Belize Breaking News (BBN) published an article stating that the UDP has a high chance of capitalising and making history by wining a fourth consecutive term come 2020, given the results of the 2019 Belizean territorial dispute referendum went in the favour of the UDP. The UDP was long campaigning for an “Yes” vote to bring Guatemala’s claim to the International Court of Justice (ICJ), while the PUP eyed the “No” vote while some of its Politicians still supported “Yes” as they thought that was the right thing to do. A victory in the next election would be monumental as the party navigates new Leadership with the departure of several senior members. The UDP Cabinet, though marred by waves of scandal and revelations of systemic corruption across Government departments throughout its 11-year reign, has withered the political storms.

After Ahab's death, Moab rebelled from Israel, and Ahaziah had fallen through the lattice of his upper room in Samaria and injured himself. So he sent messengers, saying to them, "Go and consult Baal-Zebub, the god of Ekron, to see if I will recover from this injury." 
But God was angry at this, because Ahaziah did not consult him, but only a god of Ekron, so on the way, Elijah went and met the servants, and told them (2 Kings 1:6) as the Lord had instructed him, "Go back to the king who sent you and tell him, 'This is what the Lord says:Is it because there was no God in Israel that you are sending men to consult Baal-Zebub, the god of Ekron? Therefore (Because of this) you will not leave the bed you are lying on. You will certainly (surely) die!'" And the messengers did has he was told. At King Ahaziah's questions, they described Elijah as "a man with a garment of hair and with a leather belt around his waist". King Ahaziah recognized him at once, and sent a captain with fifty men to call Elijah.
Now Elijah was sitting on a hill, and the captain called out, "Man of God, the king says, 'Come down!'" but Elijah replied, "If I am a man of God, may fire come down from heaven and consume you and your fifty men!" he did like this the second time, too. Finally, the king sent a third captain with his fifty men, who "...fell on his knees before Elijah..." and bowed before him, humbly asking him to come. Elijah was told by the angel of the Lord to go down, so he went down and told the king again, "You will certainly die!" "So he died, according to the word of the Lord that Elijah had spoken". (2 Kings 1:17, NIV) 
And, according to the Bible, Ahaziah fulfilled the prophecy by dying. Because Ahaziah had no son, Joram became king.

In the medieval period, forts carried much significance. With a firm hold over a fort, one could defend as well as control the surrounding area and could rule the land. In case of an enemy’s invasion, it was possible to protect the people taking shelter in the fort. The forts situated within the jagir of Shivaji Maharaj were not under his control but were under the control of Adilshah. An attempt to capture the forts meant to challenge the Adilshahi power. Shivaji Maharaj decided to acquire the forts that were within his jagir. He captured the forts of Murumbdev (Rajgad), Torna, Kondhana, and Purandar. This laid the foundation of the Swaraj. Shivaji Maharaj was steadily but cautiously aiming at extending and consolidating his power. Those sardars who appreciated his aim were brought to his side, but some sardars in the Adilshahi opposed him. It was necessary to bring them under control to found the Swaraj.
The region of Javali in the Satara district was important. Many routes to the Konkan were through Javali. For the expansion of the Swaraj in the Konkan, it was essential to control that region. The region of Javali was ruled by Chandrarao More, a powerful Sardar in the Adilshahi. Shivaji Maharaj attacked Javali and captured it in A.D. 1656. Then he also captured Rairi. This strong fort, later under the name of Raigad, was to become his capital. He built the Pratapgad fort in the Javali valley to protect the newly conquered territory and to control the Paar pass. The victory at Javali led to the expansion of the Swaraj in Konkan. Shivaji Maharaj then crossed the Ghats and descended into Konkan. He captured Kalyan and Bhivandi on the Konkan coast which were under the control of Adilshahi. Shivaji Maharaj also captured forts like Mahuli, Lohagad, Tunga, Tikona, Visapur, Songad, Karnala, Tala and Ghosala, in the Konkan. Shivaji Maharaj was able to command the coast line because of his acquisition of this territory in the Konkan. He came in contact with the Portuguese, the British and the Siddi powers on the western coast. The Siddi controlled the fort of Janjira and the areas around, including Danda-Rajpuri. Wherever in future these powers created obstacles in the work of expanding the Swaraj, Shivaji Maharaj tried to curb their activities.

In Germany, the nationwide competition includes children and adolescents up to the age of 21, for singing and organ up to the age of 27. It serves the musical location, the comparison with others and the promotion. The participants may not yet be in a musical vocational training (full course) or professional practice. The participants play pieces of music from different eras. The length of the lecture depends on the age group and the requirements in the individual categories and ranges from 10 to 20 minutes. The competition is divided into three phases: First, it is held at regional level, in around 140 regions in Germany and at around 30 German schools in other European countries. Bearer of a “1st Prizes at regional level ”are“ passed on ”to the respective national competition (a German school in Northern, Western and Southern Europe also holds its own national competition) and winner of a“ 1. State level ”at the appropriate minimum age for the federal competition. The solo and ensemble categories change every three years. The “classical” orchestral instruments formed the foundation of “Jugend musiziert” from the very beginning. In 1970 the piano was added, later drums, plucked instruments and vocal categories. In 2009 the solo category "Bass (Pop)" was introduced, followed by "Guitar (Pop)" and "Vocals (Pop)". The most recent expansion in 2015 was the solo category "Special Instrument", with a chopping board and baglamas. It will be offered as an ensemble category for the first time in 2016. In 2015, “Jugend musiziert” had more than 20,000 participants nationwide. Around 7,500 of them were forwarded to the state competitions; almost 2,400 first state prize winners took part in the federal competition. The nationwide competition, which was held for the first time in 1964, is sponsored by the German Music Council. Leading associations are: Federal Association of Music Lessons, Federal Association of German Orchestra Associations, German Tonkünstlerverband (DTKV), Jeunesses Musicales Deutschland (JMD), Association of German Music Schools (VdM). Jugend musiziert is funded by the Federal Ministry for Family, Seniors, Women and Youth, the local umbrella organizations, the municipalities and as the main sponsor of the Sparkassen-Finanzgruppe.

David married Bathsheba, but "...the thing David had done displeased the LORD." So, Nathan the prophet went and told him that he had done a very bad sin. David saw he was guilty and was very sorry. He said, "I have sinned against the Lord." Nathan told David that he was forgiven, and the LORD mercifully did not make David die, as the law said he must. However, Nathan said that Bathsheba's first son, born as a result of their sins would die. After Nathan had gone home, the child became sick and died. David was very sad, but humbly accepted the results of his sin. Bathsheba had another son, and they named him Solomon. The LORD loved him, and said to name him Jedidah (it means "loved by the LORD") This name showed that the LORD loved Solomon from when he was born, and also showed that the LORD still loved David, even though he had sinned.
After the overthrow of King Zedekiah of the House of David his lineage was carried on by the Exilarchs.Descendants of the house of exilarchs were living in various places long after the office became extinct. A descendant of Hezekiah, Hiyya al-Daudi, Gaon of Andalucia, died in 1154 in Castile according to Abraham ibn Daud. Several families, as late as the 14th century, traced their descent back to Josiah, the brother of David ben Zakkai who had been banished to Chorasan (see the genealogies in [Lazarus 1890] pp. 180 et seq.). The descendants of the Karaite Exilarchs have been referred to above.A number of Jewish families in the Iberian peninsula and within Mesopotamia continued to preserve the tradition of descent from Exilarchs in the Late Middle Ages, including the families of Abravanel, Benveniste, Hajj Yachya and Ben-David. One tradition also traces the ancestry of Judah Loew ben Bezalel to Babylonian Exilarchs (during the era of the geonim) and therefore also from the Davidic dynasty, which is however disputed. According to another tradition, Rabbi Elazar Rokeach of Amsterdam of the Belz (Hasidic dynasty) was a descendent from the house of King David. Another Rabbanic Dynasty Charlap also are reportably from the House of King David.

Edward ruled from time of his father's death on 26 October, 899. But he wasn't crowned until Whitsunday (8 June) of 900. His reign began with his cousin Athelwold, son of King Athelred, seizing the royal manors of Wimborne and Christchurch. When Edward confronted him Athelwold fled. He left behind a nun he had abducted. Athelwold was accepted by the Danes of Northumbria. There he was elected King of York. In 901 Athelwold was in Essex with a fleet he raised over seas. In 902 he convinced a Danish army in East Anglia to raid into Wessex and Mercia with him. In response Edward led his army into East Anglia and destroyed the countryside. Edward ordered his troops to retire back to Wessex, but the Kentish men disobeyed his orders and stayed behind. The Danish army quickly caught up with them. In the battle that followed, Athelwold was killed. 
Edward continued his wars against the Danes. He received a great deal of aid from his sister, Ethelflaeda. She had married Ethelred of Mercia and at his death she became the leader of the Mercians. Together Edward and Ethelflaeda defeated the Danes in numerous battles. But Ethelflaeda also built a line of fortresses on the Mercian Frontier. This was what her father Alfred the Great had done on the Wessex borders with the Danish held territories. Edward began to use these fortresses differently. Not just for defense of his own lands he used them to hold captured lands. Edward and his sister were very successful against the Danes. So much so they quit raiding into Wessex and Mercia. Freed of wars with the Danes, Edward could attend to other issues. He brought Strathclyde and parts of Northumbria under his control. He also brought Mercia under his direct rule after his sister Ethelflaeda died. The appearance of the Viking leader Ragnvald in York slowed his progress. But by the end of his reign he had control of all lands south of the River Humber. In a treaty Ragnvald, the kings of Strathclyde and the Scots recognized his rule.

Maoism is the communist (a plan about how countries should work) idea created by the Chinese man Mao Zedong. Mao believed that peasants, not factory workers, should lead the communist revolution (change in government). China followed Maoism when he became leader, in 1949. This created differences with communism in the USSR and Cuba. Maoism is still practiced in China today, but it has become different since Mao died in 1976. Today the Chinese economy is still considered a communistic economy. The Chinese Communist Party (CCP) completely controls all aspects of production and sets workers wages artificially low for the "good of all", which is the basic premise of Maoism. All worker production is also relegated to the overall good and equality of all, the definition of which is also determined by the state (CCP). This effectively shackles the profit motive (upward wage mobility) for the working class, as upward mobility is all but nonexistent except for those in line with, or actively participating in, the Chinese Communist Party.
Maoism was a theory created because of Mao’s beliefs and ideologies. Similar to Karl Marx, he agrees that a proletariat revolution is essential in order for society to change. As opposed to Marx who states that the factory workers should revolutionize, Mao felt that the farmers in China were the ones in need of this revolution. Marx supports an economically strong state that is industrialized. Mao on the other hand, does not support industrialization or technology.

In early April 2020, UEFA announced that due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Europe, the deadline for entering the tournament had been postponed until further notice. UEFA also sent a letter to all member associations that domestic leagues must be completed in full without ending prematurely in order to qualify for European competitions. After meeting with the 55 UEFA associations on 21 April 2020, UEFA strongly recommended them to finish domestic top league and cup competitions, although in some special cases where it is not possible, UEFA would develop guidelines concerning participation in its club competitions in case of a cancelled league or cup. After the UEFA Executive Committee meeting on 23 April 2020, UEFA announced that if a domestic competition is prematurely terminated for legitimate reasons in accordance with conditions related to public health or economic problems, the national associations concerned are required to select their participating teams for the 2020–21 UEFA club competitions based on sporting merit in the 2019–20 domestic competitions, and UEFA reserves the right to refuse their admission if UEFA deems the termination of the competitions not legitimate, or the selection procedure not objective, transparent and non-discriminatory, or the team is perceived by the public as qualifying unfairly. A suspended domestic competition may also be restarted with a different format from the original one in a manner which would still facilitate qualification on sporting merit. All leagues should communicate to UEFA by 25 May 2020 whether they intend to restart their competitions, but this deadline was later extended. On 17 June 2020, UEFA announced that associations must enter their teams by 3 August 2020.

In France, the manufacturing of arms got its start as a large industry in Saint-Étienne in about 1535. The first armory was set up in 1669. By 1646, arms manufacturing had started up at Tulle nearby. In 1690 an armory was set up there as well. The flintlock was adopted by France for her armies in 1630. Both Tulle and Saint-Étienne furnished flintlocks for the French troops in America. The typical musket in 1690 was about long and had a barrel of about . Until about 1718, captains were responsible to make sure each soldier had a working firearm, but other than that the captain allowed his soldiers to choose which musket they would use. Often, that meant there was no standard musket in use in a company let alone an army. This was a common failing of all armies of the time. That changed with the Model 1717 fusil which standardized the muskets and ammunition used by the French army. It was longer than the British muskets of the time giving French troops an advantage. At and with a barrel of it allowed troops to fire from three ranks at the same time. With the bayonet, it had the advantage of being longer. The combination of a longer barrel and a front sight to aim the weapon also made it slightly more accurate than British muskets. A few improvements were made with the M1728 model but it was otherwise the same musket. More improvements were made in 1746 when the wood ramrod was replaced with a metal one. The French muskets shot 18 bullets to the pound which translates to .69 caliber. A fourth model was issued in 1754 with a shorter lighter version for officers. The officers model weighed about and was in length. All officers, including generals, carried an officer's model fusil. These were used during the French and Indian War and many were used by Americans during the American Revolution.

By summer, the campaign reached towns. In Bafra, it kicked off with an ancient ploy, according to the Greek Patriarchate: Greek notables were invited to a dinner party at the house of Efrem Aga, arrested, and murdered. Turks then rounded up and massacred young Greek men. On June 5 Bafra was sorrounded by gendarmes, brigands, and Turkish troops - "a special corps...formed for the purpose of exterminating the Greek element" - who demanded that the men give themselves up. Some hid. Turks then searched the houses, pillaging and violating "the prettiest and best bred" women. Men were marched off, escorted by convoys. The first headed for nearby village of Blezli. Seven Bafra priests were axed to death and the rest of men were killed thereafter. One, Nicholas Jordanoglon, gave Turks 300 Turkish lira for the privilege of being shot rather than batchered with an axe or bayonet. Another 500 men, from the second convoy, were reportedly burnt alive in the church in Selamelik. And another 680 were murdered in the church at Kavdje-son. Five convoys left Bafra. At least two, according to the Greek representative to the League of Nations, were shot up by their escorts near Kavak Gorge, killing at least 900. Survivors were sent naked, "like wandering spirits", to Malaya, Charnout, Mamuret, and Alpistan. Western report claimed 1300 Greeks were murdered in the gorge on August 15 or 16. Ankara's government claimed those dead at Kavak had been killed justifiably in battle, after "Greek bands" allegedly attacked Turks. On August 8 Turks collected Bafran women and girls, "stripped and violated them and by torture compelled many to adopt Mohammedanism". Those who refused conversation were led off "to different unknown places, where many died on the way...and children were slaughtered". Some 6000 Greek women and children were deported from Bafra around August 31 and further 2500 on September 19. The only Greeks allowed to stay were the sick people who paid bribes.

Law enforcement authorities shot and killed Winston Boogie Smith, an armed 32-year-old black American man, in the Uptown area of Minneapolis at 2:08 p.m. CDT on June 3, 2021. Smith was being pursued by a special U.S. Marshall's Service task force that apprehends wanted fugitives. The arrest operation had the participation of several local police agencies in the U.S. state of Minnesota, but was not assisted by the Minneapolis Police Department. Smith had been convicted previously of aggravated robbery and sentenced to a 48-month prison term, but was released on parole instead of serving more time in jail. He also had a felony conviction in Ramsey County for firearm possession and missed a May 19 sentencing hearing that could have resulted in prison time.
In the afternoon on June 3, after eating at a nearby restaurant, Smith was inside a stationary vehicle, along with a female passenger, and atop a parking ramp at West Lake Street and Girard Avenue South as law enforcement closed in to arrest him. According to the U.S. Marshall’s Service in a statement they released soon after the incident, Smith “failed to comply and produced a handgun, resulting in task force members firing upon the subject". Officers fired approximately a dozen rounds, striking Smith. Aid rendered at the scene was unsuccessful and Smith was pronounced dead. The female passenger was treated for injuries from flying glass. Though few details were known about the incident, rioting and looting broke out overnight from June 3 to 4 in the Uptown area of West Lake Street in Minneapolis.

On February 17, 1910, the Chicoutimi Hockey Club played an informal game against the Montreal Canadiens, a professional team in the National Hockey Association. Though playing an weaker team the Canadiens did not score a goal, losing the game. This prompted Joseph Cattarinich, goaltender for the Canadiens, to convince his team to offer a tryout to Georges Vézina, who was Chicoutimi's goaltender. Vézina at first refused the offer, staying in Chicoutimi until the Canadiens later returned in December of that year. This time they convinced Georges, along with his brother Pierre, to come to Montreal. The two Vézina brothers arrived on December 22, 1910. While Pierre failed to make the team, Georges impressed the Canadiens, especially with the use of his stick to block shots. Vézina was signed to a contract for C$800 per season, and made his professional debut December 31, 1910 against the Ottawa Senators. He would play all sixteen games for the Canadiens in the 1910–11 season, finishing with eight wins and eight losses, while giving up the fewest goals in the league.
The following season Vézina again had the fewest goals against in the league, and won eight games, along with ten losses. Vézina recorded his first career shutout during the 1912–13 season, defeating Ottawa 6–0 on January 18, 1913 for one of his nine wins in the season. The Canadiens finished first in the NHA for the first time in 1913–14, in a tie with the Toronto Blueshirts. Once again, Vézina led the league with the fewest goals against, while posting thirteen victories and seven losses. Under the NHA rules, the first place team would play in the Stanley Cup Finals, but due to the tie for first, the Canadiens had to play a two-game, total goals series against Toronto. Vézina shut out the Blueshirts in the first game, a 2–0 win for Montreal, but let in six goals in the second game, allowing the Blueshirts to play for the Stanley Cup, which they won.

Kennedy started playing junior hockey with the Winnipeg South Blues of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League (MJHL) in 1985. After being noticed by Graham James at a hockey camp, Kennedy joined the Swift Current Broncos of the Western Hockey League (WHL) for the 1986–87 season. Kennedy spent his entire WHL career with the Broncos, helping the team capture the 1989 Memorial Cup. For his play during the tournament, Kennedy was named to the Memorial Cup All-Star Team. He was also named to the WHL's Eastern Conference Second All-Star Team.
Kennedy was selected by the Detroit Red Wings in the fourth round (80th overall) of the 1988 National Hockey League (NHL) Entry Draft. His first professional season was split between the Red Wings in the NHL and their minor league affiliate Adirondack Red Wings of the American Hockey League (AHL). At the NHL level, Kennedy scored two goals and added seven assists in 20 games. Kennedy spent the next four seasons bouncing between the AHL and NHL within the Red Wings organization. The Winnipeg Jets acquired Kennedy from the Red Wings after the 1993–94 season. The NHL lockout meant that Kennedy did not actually play for the Jets before being picked up on waivers by the Calgary Flames. Kennedy spent two seasons in Calgary, then the Flames decided not to renew his contract in 1996, shortly after his sexual abuse revelation. He signed as a free agent with the Boston Bruins for the 1996–97 season but also spent time with the Providence Bruins, Boston's AHL affiliate. The 1996–97 season was Kennedy's last campaign in the NHL but he later resurfaced in the 1998–99 season with the Manitoba Moose of the now-defunct International Hockey League. Kennedy also played for EV Landshut of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga in Germany during the 1998–99 season.

On June 10, the JMA began monitoring on a weak tropical depression that had developed to the east of the Philippine island of Samar in Visayas. During the next day, the PAGASA began tracking the system, giving the local name Butchoy. The storm then made its first landfall in Polillo Island in Quezon at 5:30 pm PHT, and making its second landfall in Infanta, Quezon shortly thereafter. Soon after, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert for the storm. Afterwards, the JTWC officially upgraded Butchoy to a tropical depression, and designated it as 02W. With a favorable environment with low vertical wind shear, moderate equatorial outflow and 30–31 °C sea surface temperatures, Butchoy started to intensify in the South China Sea, becoming a tropical storm and receiving the name Nuri from the JMA later on the same day. Then, PAGASA issued their final warning on Nuri as it exited the Philippine Area of Responsibility. By the next day, Nuri intensified further and subsequently peaked in intensity, with the JMA analyzing the storm's peak winds of 75 kilometres per hour (47 mph). Six hours later, the JTWC upgraded Nuri to a tropical storm. However, later in the same day, the JTWC downgraded Nuri into a tropical depression, citing that the storm has drifted into high vertical wind shear. The JMA followed suit, downgrading Nuri into a depression. The JTWC issued their final warning on Nuri as the storm subsequently made landfall in Yanjiang, China. The JMA followed suit six hours later, issuing their final warning on the system.

Lloyds Bank plc is a British retail and commercial bank with branches across England and Wales. It has traditionally been considered one of the "Big Four" clearing banks. The bank was founded in Birmingham in 1765. It expanded during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries and took over a number of smaller banking companies. In 1995 it merged with the Trustee Savings Bank and traded as Lloyds TSB Bank plc between 1999 and 2013.
The bank is the principal subsidiary of Lloyds Banking Group, which was formed in January 2009 by the acquisition of HBOS by the then-Lloyds TSB Group. That year, following the UK bank rescue package, the British Government took a 43.4% stake in Lloyds Banking Group. As a condition imposed by the European Commission regarding state aid, the group later announced that it would create a new standalone retail banking business, made up of a number of Lloyds TSB branches and those of Cheltenham & Gloucester. The new business began operations on 9 September 2013 under the TSB brand. Lloyds TSB was subsequently renamed Lloyds Bank on 23 September 2013. On 17 March 2017, the British Government confirmed its remaining shares in Lloyds Banking Group had been sold.
Lloyds Bank is the largest retail bank in Britain, and has an extensive network of branches and ATM in England and Wales (as well as an arrangement for its customers to be serviced by Bank of Scotland branches in Scotland, Halifax branches in Northern Ireland and vice versa) and offers 24-hour telephone and online banking services. As of 2012 it has 16 million personal customers and small business accounts.

People had been using microbial lactic acid fermentation to produce food long before Pasteur had described it. Archeological finds show that the fermentation of milk has a long history. Its first uses may have been part of the Neolithic Revolution. Milk contains lactic acid bacteria. Given the right temperature, the fermentation process will happen spontaneously. These first farmers likely had another problem: When people become adults most lose the ability to digest fresh milk. These farmers had an interest to make milk digestible by adults. Lactic acid bacteria contain the enzymes needed to digest lactose. During lactic acid fermentation, the number of lactic acid bacteria increase. So even if fermentation only happens for a short time, the product will contain enough enzymes, which allows the milk to be digested by adults. Even safer was a longer fermentation, which was practiced for cheesemaking. This process was also discovered a very long time ago, which is proven by recipes for cheese production on Cuneiform scripts, the first written documents that exist, and a bit later in Babylonian and Egyptian texts.
What is interesting is the theory of the competitive advantage of fermented milk products. The idea of this theory is that the women of these first settled farmer clans could shorten the time between two children thanks to the additional lactose uptake from milk consumption. This factor may have given them an important advantage to out-compete the hunter-gatherer societies.

While on the bus, Abraham found out that Chris liked Selena. Abraham tells Chris and Selena that their relationship is over. He then fires Chris and orders him to leave. Selena tried to run after him, however, her father told her that if she did that he will disband the group. After this, Selena and Chris began to meet secretly and they eloped. Selena went to her father's house the next day. Abraham began crying and told Selena that he was sorry. He then accepted Chris into the family. In the next scene, Selena won a Grammy Award and opened her clothing stores. She hired Yolanda Saldivar (Lupe Ontiveros) as the manager. Yolanda began to steal money from these places. After this, Selena started recording songs for her crossover album. Abraham later finds out that Yolanda was stealing money, and holds a meeting to hear Yolanda's side. Yolanda tells Abraham that if given time, she will prove her innocence. Later that night, Selena performed "Si Una Vez" at the Houston Astrodome on February 26, 1995. After that night, Selena asked her mother to scratch her head and that she and Chris are thinking of starting a family. Selena then dreams of the crossover tour and sings "Dreaming of You". After Selena sings the opening of the song, a rose is thrown at her. Selena is seen being rushed to the hospital. Reporters tells everyone that Selena was shot by Saldívar during an argument over the missing financial records. In the next scene, a doctor walks towards Selena's parents. He tells them that Selena has died. "Dreaming of You" is played again, while her fans are seen holding pictures of her during a candlelight vigil. The movie ends with a picture of Selena waving goodbye reading "April 16, 1971 – March 31, 1995".

Martha Jones is introduced in the 2007 series of "Doctor Who", first appearing in the episode "Smith and Jones". When the hospital she works at is moved to the Moon, Martha helps save the day alongside an alien time traveller known only as the Doctor (David Tennant). To thank her for her help, the Doctor invites her to join him for one trip in his time machine the TARDIS, but he later accepts her as his full-time "companion", admitting that she was "never just a passenger", and he even gives her the key to the TARDIS. Nevertheless, she becomes frustrated because the Doctor does not realise her feelings for him, When the Doctor falls in love(while believing himself to be a human) in the "Human Nature"/"The Family of Blood" two-parter, a pained Martha claims "You had to go and fall in love with a human... and it wasn't me". In the last episode of the series she spends a year travelling the world in a plan which saves the Doctor and reverses time, undoing the Master's actions.
The character reappears in the 2008 series of the "Doctor Who" spin-off "Torchwood", which focuses on occasional "Doctor Who" companion Jack Harkness. She first appeared in the episode "Reset" as part of a three-episode story, 
Later in the Fourth Series of Doctor Who, Martha returns for a three-episode arc beginning with "The Sontaran Stratagem" and ending with "The Doctor's Daughter", Agyeman appears in the role again for the final two episodes of the series, "The Stolen Earth"/"Journey's End",where she has been promoted to a US division of UNIT.

Much like “The Tell-Tale Heart,” “The Black Cat” follows the narrator’s descent into madness after he proclaims his sanity in the tale’s opening paragraph. Even the narrator acknowledges the “wild” nature of the tale, attempting thereby to separate his mental condition from the events of the plot. The nature of the narrator’s madness differs from that of the narrator of “The Tell-Tale Heart.” “The Black Cat” does not concern itself only with the self-contained nature of the narrator’s mind. Rather, the narrator confesses an alcoholism that interferes with his grasp on reality and produces mood swings. Alcohol is, like the cat, an external agent that intrudes on the dynamics of the plot. The introduction of alcohol as a plot device is also significant because Edgar Allan Poe was an reputedly uncontrollable drunk throughout his lifetime. For many years, his biographers asserted that he died of alcohol poisoning in a gutter in Baltimore. More recent biographies insist that the exact cause of Poe’s death cannot be determined. Regardless, it is certain that Poe suffered from the deleterious effects of alcohol consumption throughout his life.
The influential literary critic Tzvetan Todorov introduced a concept of the “fantastic” in the early 1970s to discuss literature of horror, and the idea can be applied usefully to “The Black Cat.” The fantastic, he asserts, explores the indefinite boundary between the real and the supernatural. The fantastic is a literary category that contains elements of both the rational and the irrational. One of the fantastic elements in “The Black Cat” is the existence of the second cat—with the changing shape of its white fur and its appearance on the corpse behind the wall. These plot twists challenge reality, but they do not completely substitute a supernatural explanation for a logical one. It is possible that the plot twists derive only from the insanity of the narrator. As a result, the plot twists, like the fantastic, hover between the real and the supernatural. The resolution of the story is both rationally possible and tremendously unlikely; the cat could inhabit the basement walls, but it is difficult to believe that it would remain silently in the wall for a long time or go unnoticed by the overly meticulous narrator.

Quill was elected a councillor on Cork County Council in 1925. It has been said that he was recruited into the party by Labour politician and fellow Clondrohid native T. J. Murphy. Quill was 26 years old at the time of the general election on 9 June 1927 and was one of 44 Labour candidates. While campaigning, Quill described himself as a "temperate man". At a meeting in North Cork, Quill outlined what he believed the Labour Party stood for. Referring to the level of unemployment, he spoke about the "right to work" and the government's perceived failing of "humbler people" over the "well-to-do class". Quill was elected as a Labour Party TD for the Cork North constituency receiving 18% of first preference votes. Slogans, such as 'Be Labour This Time' and 'Away With Slums & Mud Cabins' were featured on his election posters. He was the youngest member of the 5th Dail. He spoke against the Public Safety Bill 1927 in August 1927. During a finance committee debate on old age pensions in July 1927, he decried what he described as the "strict and harsh manner" of some pensions officers. Quill lost his seat at the September 1927 general election, serving only three months as a TD. He received 4,123 first preference votes. T. D. Keating of the ITGWU said that it was regrettable that Quill was not re-elected. The number of Labour candidates almost halved (from 44 to 28). Speaking on the heavy defeat for Labour in the September 1927 election, T. J. Murphy regretted that the party had lost candidates, like Quill, who he described as "young men of the ability and honesty of Mr. Quill, who had been defeated in North Cork by a mere handful of votes, after making a marvellous fight against a combination of influences".

In the US, male circumcision is commonly done after birth in the Hospitals. According to the CDC, the latest data (from NCHS) on male circumcision in the United States show a 2.5% overall increase in prevalence in males aged 14 to 59 years between 2000 and 2010. In contrast, there has been a decline of 6.1% in newborn circumcisions. The newborn circumcision rate in the US dropped slightly from 83.3% in the 1960s to 77.2% in 2010. The main reason for this 6 point drop is most likely the much faster increase in the Hispanic population, the ethnic group having the lowest circumcision prevalence. The growing Hispanic population in the West accounts for most of the decrease in national prevalence. Because Hispanic and black individuals are over-represented in poorer demographics, the withdrawal of Medicaid funding for elective circumcision in 18 states is of concern to public health, as was also expressed by the authors of the CDC’s recent report. After controlling for other factors, states with Medicaid coverage had hospital circumcision rates 24 percentage points higher than states without such coverage. Many, but not all, private health insurance plans pay for circumcision. A study of 96,457 male babies in the state of Maryland found that 75% of new baby boys were circumcised before they left the hospital. More were circumcised in a religious ceremony or in a doctor's office later. With those boys included, 82% of baby boys in Maryland got circumcised. It was less common for Asian Americans and Hispanic babies than for White Americans and African Americans babies. A Study from 2022 shows the Highest Circumcision rate of newborn babyboys are West Virginia with 87%
Through the influence of the United States Army in West Germany, routine infant circumcision was introduced in some German Hospitals. After the German reunification in 1990, circumcision drastically decreased in the German population. Traditional male circumcision is usually performed due to historical Jewish and Islamic influence in Andalusia by the Spaniards. In Pacific Islands, circumcision of boys is part of their tradition. In the Phillipines, the tradition of male circumcision is called Tuli, and 91,7% of male are circumcised. In South Korea 77% of male are circumcised, this tradition was taken by US American Military.

Milk products and their fermentation have had an important influence on some cultures’ development. This is the case in Mongolia, where people often practice a pastoral form of agriculture. The milk that they produce and consume in these cultures is mainly mare milk and has a long tradition. But not every part or product of the fresh milk has the same meaning. The fattier part on the top, the "deež", is seen as the most valuable part and is therefore often used to honor guests.
Very important with often a traditional meaning as well are fermentation products of mare milk, like for example the slightly-alcoholic yogurt kumis. Consumption of these peaks during cultural festivities such as the Mongolian lunar new year (in spring). The time of this celebration is called the "white month", which indicates that milk products (called "white food" together with starchy vegetables, in comparison to meat products, called "black food") are a central part of this tradition. The purpose of these festivities is to "close" the past year – clean the house or the yurt, honor the animals for having provided their food, and prepare everything for the coming summer season – to be ready to "open" the new year. Consuming white food in this festive context is a way to connect to the past and to a national identity, which is the great Mongolian empire personified by Genghis Khan. During the time of this empire, the fermented mare milk was the drink to honor and thank warriors and leading persons, it was not meant for everybody. Although it eventually became a drink for normal people, it has kept its honorable meaning. Like many other traditions, this one feels the influence of globalization. Other products, like industrial yogurt, coming mainly from China and western countries, have tended to replace it more and more, mainly in urban areas. However, in rural and poorer regions it is still of great importance.

After the engagement, "Bismarck’s" commander reported that "Hood" sunk and another battleship thinking it was "King George V" or "Renown" escaped but was damaged and transmitted a damage report along with his intentions to let "Prinz Eugen" detach and head to Saint-Nazaire for repairs. "Prinz Eugen" reported that "Bismarck" was leaking oil and an hour later a British plane reported the oil slick to "Suffolk" and "Norfolk" which was joined by a damaged "Prince of Wales". Winston Churchill ordered all ships in the area to join in the pursuit against "Prinz Eugen" and "Bismarck" which resulted in six battleships, two battlecruisers, two aircraft carriers, thirteen cruisers, and twenty one destroyers were ordered to hunt down "Bismarck" and "Prinz Eugen". With weather worsening "Bismarck’s" commander attempted to detach "Prinz Eugen" but the squall wasn't heavy enough to hide her withdrawal from "Norfolk" and "Suffolk" which continued to maintain radar contact. "Prinz Eugen" was successfully detached and "Bismarck" turned to face "Suffolk" which forced "Suffolk" to turn away at high speeds while "Prince of Wales" fired at "Bismarck" and received fire back. Although "Bismarck" had been damaged earlier she was still able to achieve 27-28 knots and was still able to reach Saint-Nazaire unless slowed down. The British sent aircraft carrier Victorious and an additional four light cruisers to have Swordfish torpedo bombers find and engage "Bismarck" but due to the inexperience of the pilots, they nearly attacked "Norfolk" and a US Coast Guard USCGC "Modoc" and alerted Bismarck’s anti-aircraft gunners.

Adidas has three types of logos, which are originals, sports performance, and sports style. Each type follows the product design concept and shared inspiration. They imply the features of lots of products.
Adidas heritage line shows the combined design of sportism and lifestyle. With retrospecting 60s, products including clothes, shoes, bags, and other fashion items are reappearing. Heritage’s logo Trefoil was developed based on the three stripes in 1971. With crossing the tree stripes which symbolize diversity of brand, the unique characteristic of logo is expressed geometrically. This was an innovation in the existing logo.
Sports performance line shows the goods which contains its self-esteem as a professional sports brand. The logo with three stripes has been used constantly. And, in 1997, Adidas‘ creative director Peter Moore renobated the type. He wanted to keep important meanings of old one, but at the same time he needed new logo which can be applied to the modern design. From his hand, three stripes became to mean a mountain which symbolizes a challenge and an accomplishment. And the parallel lines of stripes express gradually the brand's goal.
It might be called "collection line." This Adidas sports style has shown off its design which is made by Yohji Yamamoto. He designs shoes, clothes, and accessaries with future-oriented images. in 2001, the initial sports style logo symbolized the swiftly chaning world. The three stripes which cross the oval capture the speed of changing. It means that the stripes are rushing with intersecting the world. The innovative works which pursue a beauty and a function based on tradition show brand's another potentiality.

The author claimed, in dashavatar, the scripturally mentioned Buddha Avatar was finally found as Gautama Buddha from Buddhism and later included in Hinduism, similarly Hindu followers should include Muhammad as Kalki Avatar after reading this book, and should follow him instead of waiting for him to come.
The content of the book is mainly a discussion of the claim that Kalki Avatar is Muhammad and the presence of the Islamic prophet Muhammad in Hindu scriptures. For this reason, Kalki Purana, Bhavishya Purana, Bhagavata Purana, Vedas etc. have been chosen as sources of Hindu scriptures. Hindu scholars criticize and oppose all these claims. An Indian organization 'Agniveer' criticized all these claims. In addition, the book "Ovranto Boidik Shastrer Alokey Kolki Obotar" (অভ্রান্ত বৈদিক শাস্ত্রের আলোকে কল্কি অবতার, Kalki Avatar in the Light of Inerrant Vedic Scriptures) (2019), and the January-March version of Amriter Sandhane magazine, both published by Bangladeshi wing of Back to Godhead, criticizes the claimed resemblance to Kalki Avatar. But in the October-December 2016 edition of Amriter shandhane, the Bangladeshi wing of Back to Godhead claimed the mention of Muhammad in Bhavishya Purana and hymn 127, book 20 of Atharvaveda in support of authenticity of vedic scriptures, which similared to the claim of the book. Hindu spiritual leader Ravi Shankar claimed in his book "Hinduism and Islam: The Common Thread" that Muhammad is explicitly mentioned as the name "Mahamada" () in of Bhavishya Purana: "An illiterate teacher will appear, Mohammed is his name, and he will give religion to the people of the desert", which also resembles the book.

Horses and donkeys, domesticated about 5000 BCE, are feral in open grasslands worldwide ("see" feral horse). In Portugal, feral horses are called Sorraia; in Australia, they are called Brumbies; in the American west, they are called Mustangs. Other isolated feral populations exist, including the Chincoteague Pony and the Banker Horse. They are often referred to as "wild horses," but this is not correct. There are truly "wild" horses that have never been tamed, most notably Przewalski's Horse. While the horse was originally indigenous to North America, the wild ancestor died out at the end of the last Ice Age. In both Australia and the Americas, modern "wild" horses have come from domesticated horses brought by European explorers and settlers that escaped, spread, and thrived.
The pig has feral populations all over the world, including Australia, New Zealand, the United States, New Guinea and the Pacific Islands. Pigs were introduced to the Melanesian and Polynesian regions by humans from several thousand to five hundred years ago, and to Australia and the Americas within the past 500 years. While pigs were brought to New Zealand by the original Polynesian settlers, this population had become extinct by the time of European settlement. All feral pigs in New Zealand today have come from European farm animals. Many European wild boar populations are also come from escaped domestic pigs and are technically feral animals, although they live in the native range of the ancestral species.

Kathak is a dance form that originates from Uttar Pradesh, North India. It is said that: “Katha kahe so kathak,” which means that ‘He who tells a story is a Kathak’. The Kathak or professional story-teller had a thorough knowledge of the epics and mythology, village legends and local beliefs. It is said that the kathak was so adept at this art that he often kept a whole village absorbed while he sat entertaining them. 
Kathak is characterised bt graceful movements, subtle expressions and sophisticated use of rhythm. Technical virtuosity and flamboyance is complimented by subtlety in the depiction of moods and emotions. Pure dance is the predominant feature of Kathak. In Kathak, the dancer addresses directly to the audience. The knees are not flexed outwards or forwards as in the other classical dance form of India. The feet, with ghungroos around the ankles, beat out a whole range of rhythmic sounds. Skill in rendering intricate beats is fundamental to the style. 
Although, Kathak was an established tradition as a medium of worship during the Vaishnava age, it started being performed in courts with the coming of the Mughals. The dancer moved from thr temple courtyards to the palace durbar and this brought changes on the presentation as we know it today. Kathak saw a great period of glory in the 19th century during the reign of Wajid Ali Shah, the last nawab of Awadh. It was under his patronage that the Lucknow gharana was established. The two other important gharanas in Kathak are the Jaipur gharana and the Banaras gharana.

The Syrian Arab Armed Forces is the Military of Syria, Originally formed in 1946. The Syrian Arab Armed Forces consists of the Syrian Arab Army, Syrian Arab Air Force, Syrian Arab Navy, Syrian Arab Air Defense Forces
, and the Paramilitary forces known as the National Defense Forces. The SAAF is a conscripted force made up of about 150,000 men (not counting militants).
The SAAF was first formed back in 1920, it was called the French Mandate Volunteer Force. It was considered the "Special Army of the Levant". During World War II, they fought against against British and Free French troops but all fights were unsuccessful. There later was a gendarmerie force made to fight off criminals, and political enemies, the force had about 10,000 men and 306 officers with most of the high ranking members being French.
After the World War II, the Syrian Arab Armed Forces fought against the IDF in the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. Between 1948 and 1967 there were multiple coup d'etats. The first coup was in 1949 led by General Husni al-Za'im, which was successful. With two more coups later that year, in 1954 more coups occurred with a massive officer purge to ensure no more coups. But in 1963 a newer coup happened led by the Ba'ath Party which made Hafez al-Assad the new President of Syria.
The Syrian Arab Armed Forces fought against Syrian Protesters in 2011, causing the Syrian Civil War. With about 40 officers defecting and making the "Free Syrian Army" that later on turned to the Syrian National Army. With the Syrian Arab Armed Forces fighting in major battles such as the Siege Of Homs, Battle of Damascus, Battle of Aleppo and other battles.
The Syrian Arab Armed Forces is a conscripted force, with a conscription age of 18-42. There are exemptions such as Mental Disabilities, Physical Disabilities, Paying a fee, being an only son. With the Punishments for avoiding service are exiled or jailed. It was first Introduced in May 16th, 2007 with about 18 months of service but no confirmed soldiers were let go.
There are 5 branches within the Syrian Arab Armed Forces, based in Damascus with the Forces being made of mainly Sunni Muslims but there are some Alawite, since certain units only accept Alawites, such as the Syrian Republican Guard and 4th Armored Division.

"Vib-Ribbon" was released by NanaOn-Sha (the creator of "PaRappa the Rapper") in 1999, and did not use instrument-shaped controllers. In this game, players had to get the protagonist through an obstacle course by pressing buttons at the correct time. These courses were generated in a way that depended on the background music and players could load their own music to play along. While it was praised for its unique style and timeless artistry, its simple vector graphics proved difficult to market and the game was never released in North America. Bemani's "Samba de Amigo", released in 1999 and on Dreamcast in 2000, featured maraca-shaped, motion sensor controllers. The game made use of "social gaming", allowing two player gameplay and providing a spectacle for onlookers. In 2001, "Taiko no Tatsujin" combined traditional Japanese drums with contemporary pop music, and became highly successful in Japanese arcades. The game was later released on consoles in the West (as "Taiko Drum Master") and the franchise continues to receive new instalments in Japan. "Gitaroo Man" featured a guitar-playing protagonist, 4 years before the release of "Guitar Hero", though the game employed a conventional rather than guitar-shaped controller. "Gitaroo Man"'s creator, Keiichi Yano, created "Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan", a rhythm game for the Nintendo DS using its touchscreen features, which was a highly demanded import title and led to a sequel in Japan and a Western variation of the game in "Elite Beat Agents".

In 2011, as two new teams were added to the IPL, the IPL Governing Council declared that each franchise could retain a maximum of four players of their squad, only three of whom can be Indian players, and the rest of the international players would be put in the mega-auction. The Chennai franchise, keen to have the same set of core players, retained captain MS Dhoni, vice-captain Suresh Raina, Murali Vijay and all-rounder Albie Morkel for a total of $4.5 million. At the auction, they bought back some of their star players of previous seasons such as Hussey, Ashwin, Bollinger and Subramaniam Badrinath. In the 2011 IPL, they lost three of their first five games which placed them at the bottom of the ten-team points table.But then, they went on to win seven of their next eight games to finish second and register a spot in the knockout stages. They faced the top-ranked team Royal Challengers Bangalore in the Qualifying final which they won by 6 wickets thanks to an unbeaten 73 from Suresh Raina.
In the final, they faced the same opponents again, which was held at their home ground Chepauk. Vijay and Hussey put on a 133-run first-wicket partnership that helped the Super Kings to post a total of 205/5. Their bowlers, then, restricted Bangalore to only 147 to take the Super Kings to second consecutive title in the IPL. Vijay was awarded Man of the Match for his match-winning innings of 95.CSK also won all their home games that season becoming the first team in IPL to achieve the feat. However at the Champions League later that year, they won only one out of their four group matches and finished at the bottom.

As of 2024's first quarter, there are allegations that there has been (wrong behavior or) prosecutorial misconduct in that case. The judge ruled (March 15) that the district attorney "can continue" in the case against "Trump and his co-defendants ... if one of her top prosecutors on the case ... is removed from the team"; That prosecutor resigned that day; Trump or other defendants, can appeal the judge's (decision or) ruling. In regard to the court hearings about taking the district attorney off the case (or disqualifying her): On March 1, there was a court hearing. Earlier (February 27) one of those that witnessed at an earlier hearing, testified again; He had been ordered to testify again. Media said earlier (February 23) that a new affidavit from a private investigator, says that phone records show that the district attorney and Nathan Wade had more than 2,000 phone calls and more than 11,000 text messages during an 11 month period of 2021; The district attorney and Wade have testified that they were not in a romantic relationship during that time; Earlier (February 15) a hearing started; Earlier (February 12), the judge in the case said that he will consider taking district attorney Fani Willis off the case, if there was a financial conflict-of-interest between Willis and the man that she gave a job to (as special prosecutor in the Trump case); That man is Nathan Wade.
Earlier (February 2), Willis said in a document to the court, that she has been in a personal relationship with Wade since 2022.

A person, who takes part in the competition, does the long ceremony and the act established by custom before the fight. They exist for religious reasons, and they serve as stretching the muscles and as preparation.The long history of Muay Thai began with its use in warfare in the past. This is different from Muay Thai nowadays which is used as a sport. By using gloves to prevent danger from occurring. Muay Thai is still known as The eight arts of attack, which include two hands, two feet, two elbows, and two knees (in some texts it might be Nawawat, which includes the use of the head to attack, or Tosaweapon, which includes the use of the buttocks to attack) Muay Thai is inherited from ancient boxing. Which is divided into each line according to that locality, with the main important lines such as Tha Sao boxing (Northern region), Korat boxing (Northeastern region), Chaiya boxing (Southern region), Lopburi boxing, and Phra Nakhon boxing (Central region). There is a saying that "Hard punch in Korat, smart Lopburi, Tha Dee Chaiya, faster than Tha Sao" Sometimes there are legends of kings or nobles who are experts in fighting disguised themselves to compete to test their skills, including King Suea (Khun Luang Sorasak), King Taksin the Great. Phraya Phichai Dap Hak, Kru Dok, Mueang Wiset Chai Chan Subdistrict Until when Thailand lost its capital to Burma. The name of Mr. Khanom Tom appeared. Ayutthaya boxing teacher who were forcibly taken as prisoners of war to fight with the Burmese Winning many times is a demonstration of the ruthless skill of Muay Thai.In the late Ayutthaya period, the Department of Electoral Attorneys and the Royal Police Department were established to provide protection to the king and the royal family. There was training in martial arts, both Muay Thai and wrestling, following the example of Persian guests (Iran). Therefore, many Muay Thai teachers and skilled boxers entered government service and displayed their fighting skills in the royal court and in front of the royal palace at various festivals. Come together regularly

Geographically and culturally, the region now called north-east India is between the two traditions of Indic Asia and Mongoloid Asia and is regarded as part of Southeast Asia. This geographical-cultural condition of "in-betweenness" is an important factor in the area’s crisis of identity. The leaders of the present-day "underground outfits" continue to struggle for independence, as the political integration of the northeast to India was brought about without the approval of its people. The people of northeast India, who are culturally Mongoloid, refuse to accept the caste-ridden social system advocated by ‘Indian’ culture. Similar struggles for independence are also going on in other northeastern subdivisions or sister regions, such as Assam, Manipur, Mizoram, Meghalaya and Nagaland. Assam has been the hotbed of militancy for a number of years due to its porous borders with Bangladesh and Bhutan. The main causes of the friction include the anti-foreigner agitation in the 1980s and the simmering Assam-Bodo tensions. The insurgency status in Assam is classified as very active. The government of Bangladesh has arrested and extradited senior leaders of ULFA or the United Liberation Front of Asom was formed in April 1979 to establish a sovereign state of Assam through an armed struggle. In recent times the organisation has lost out its middle rung leaders after most of them were arrested. The National Democratic Front of Bodoland was formed in 1989 as the Bodo Security Force, aims to set up an autonomous region Bodoland. Problems in Meghalaya arise from the divide between tribals and non tribal settlers, identity issues and growing corruption besides the fear of being reduced to minority by native tribals. The activity status is classified as active.

On 15 January, Constables Morris, Murphy and Simpson were searching the Abercrombie area for bushrangers and spoke with Peisley near Bigga. Police gave chase but Peisley’s superior horse enabled him to escape easily. He was identified and challenged by Corporal Carroll at Tarcutta on 29 January, and again escaped on his well-bred mount. One week later, after a struggle, Peisley was captured and secured near Bootes’s hotel, Mundarlo by Mr Mackenzie and Mr Beveridge of Wantabadgerie, who delivered him to Gundagai. At his committal before the Carcoar bench, Peisley called Thomas Weavers, but he corroborated the prosecution witnesses. Committed for trail, Peisley handcuffed and chained, was taken from Carcoar to Bathurst by a large posse of armed police.
He was tried and convicted in the Bathurst Court on 14 March 1862, for the murder of William Benyon and sentenced to death. He was hanged on 25 April 1862, in the Bathurst Gaol before about fifty people. Aboriginal Jackey Bullfrog was hanged at the same time for murdering William Clarke. At the gallows, Peisley pleaded he had a drunken fight, and death was Benyon’s fault as much as his. He averred he had he had nothing to do with Gardiner’s rescue, was nowhere near Fogg’s when he got away, and nothing to do with any attempt bribe Hosie. His last words were “Goodbye gentlemen, and God bless you.” Clark using the name Christie was captured at Appis Creek, Queensland in March 1864. He served ten years of a cumulative 32-year sentence for twice wounding Trooper Hosie, with intent to kill and intent to cause harm and two counts of armed robbery. 
Before and after Piesley’s hanging, John Gilbert teamed up with Ben Hall. Bushranging robberies by the end of 1864 were so troublesome that the Parliament of New South Wales rushed through a Bill, "An Act to facilitate the taking or apprehending of persons charged with certain felonies and the punishment of those by whom they are harboured." Within one month of the Act’s passing on 8 April 1865, Police shot them dead, Hall near Forbes on 6 May and Gilbert at Binalong one week later. Mourners gave them hero status.

In "Power Rangers Super Ninja Steel", the heroine teens find themselves face-to-face with an old enemy when they discover the Madame Odius is still alive and is more determined than ever to steal the Ninja Nexus Prism and revive its powers for her life and she is a power ranger farious purposes with the assistance of Badonna, Brax, and General Tynamon. Now it is up to the Rangers and some unexpected help from new friends to use the power of teamwork to protect the Prism, defeat Madame Odius, and save the world.
Sledge and his crew from "Power Rangers Dino Charge" escape from a wormhole (due to events from the "Power Rangers Dino Super Charge" finale - "End of Extinction", thought they did not fade away from existence by the history alternation expect Fury and Curio after their past selves are destroyed, assumed there is a side effect from the wormhole that keep them from being erased.) thus arriving in the main dimension of the Power Rangers multiverse. After asteroid, which is covered in Ninja Super Steel, a metal even stronger than Ninja Steel. Instead Odius tricks him and gains the loyalty of a prisoner of his named Badonna, takes the Super Steel for herself, and gets the ship fixed regardless. Putting Galaxy Warriors back on the air, Odius, Badonna, and a new contestant named Smellephant attack Earth to revive the Ninja Nexus Prism and forge evil Ninja Stars and Super Steel. Thanks to prior warning from a returning Mick and using every trick up their sleeves, the former Rangers manage to claim the Super Steel and regain their powers, though much stronger than before.

Otto "Schloime" Fischer (1 January 1901 – 1 July 1941) was an Austrian football player. He played as forward for different teams in Vienna and in the Austrian national football team.
He started at ASV Hertha Wien, where he also made his first appearances in the top league. In 1921 he accepted an offer from German Bohemia and played for Karlsbader FK for two years. He then returned to First Vienna FC. In his three years at the club, they were runners-up twice and also reached the ÖFB Cup final twice. After losing their entire forward line to New York clubs as a result of their first tour of North America, SC Hakoah Wien were forced to find other forwards and one of the newcomers was Fischer. At the beginning of 1928 he went to SC Wacker Wien. Then he went back to Hakoah, but had to end his career early due to a knee injury. 
He made his international debut in September 1923 in a 2-0 loss to Hungary in Budapest. He made his seventh and last game in national dress in October 1928 against Switzerland.
After the end of his playing career he became manager of the Serbian club FK Mačva Šabac. Then he coached FC Salzburg. In 1932 he took over training at DSV Saaz, where he stayed for two years. 1934 he went back to Yugoslavia to HŠK Concordia Zagreb. From 1936 on he worked in Latvia, where he was a coach of Olympia Libau. He was in 1936, 1938 and 1939 Latvian football champion with the club. 
Fischer and his wife were killed in the Liepāja massacres in 1941. The majority of Fischer's family living in Vienna were also murdered by the National Socialists. His mother Netty Fischer was killed in the Theresienstadt ghetto in 1943. His brother Hugo Fischer, his wife Ilona and their daughter Gerda did not survive the 1942 deportation to the Auschwitz concentration camp. Only his sister Ernestine and her two children Paul and Alice survived the Nazi terror.

Ademir has played for the national team for the first time in 1945. On January 21, he first appeared in a match against Colombia. He started playing as a left forward, and later the coach began to use him as a central striker. In 1949, together with the national team, Ademir became the champion of South America. He was considered such a dangerous player in those days that rival teams were forced to use a separate central defender to neutralize him. The striker gained his greatest fame at the 1950 World Cup, becoming the tournament's top scorer. However, he could thank his fellow defenders, who gave great passes. The attacker had only to lock them. But over the goal in the game with the Spaniards Ademir really "sweated". In the fight with defender Parra, he gained control of the ball and suddenly hit the goal. Goalkeeper Ramallets tried to save his team, but could not even touch the leather ball. Despite the victories, in the main, final match, the Brazilians lost to Uruguay 2-1. The defeat was a great grief for the succession of the whole country. But the celebration of Ademir's golden boot still became a spoonful of honey in a barrel of tar. The player was noted for his ability to use his moments, and his compatriot Didi compared Ademir to the Frenchman Just Fontaine. Didi said of both strikers that "they are the ones who score nine of the ten goal moments." 
Ademir's greatest popularity in Brazil came in the late 1940s and early 1950s. It was so large that Brazilians named their newborns after him. The son of Brazilian defender Domingos da Guia also grew up with this name. In 1974, Ademir da Guia participated in the World Cup.
It is known that during the 1950 World Cup, a man ran to the coach of the Brazilian national team, Flavio Costa, and began to ask him to release Ademir from the Casadas-Pedras camp for a few hours. The man explained that his son urgently needed surgery. And he does not want to agree to it until he sees Ademir. Flavio Costa made an exception and released his striker from the Brazilian camp to meet a stubborn little fan. Obviously, the meeting played a positive role and the operation was quite successful. Ademir was also preparing to participate in the 1954 World Cup. But an injury prevented him from playing. After that, the player decided to finish playing for the national team. His last match was against Uruguay on March 15, 1953.

She received his decoration from King George VI at Buckingham Palace. The words of her citation explain:
On May 28th, 1949, a party of Scouts, aged between 11 and 15 years, visiting Sully Island were cut off by the rising tide from a causeway which led to the mainland. Most of the boys got safely across, but two of them were forced off the causeway by the strong tide. The leader of the party returned to help the elder boy but in the struggle he too became exhausted. Margaret Vaughan (aged 14 years) saw from the beach the difficulties they were in. She undressed and swam towards them over a distance of some 30 yards in cold, rough water and against strong currents due to the rising tide. On reaching them she towed the boy to the shore while he supported himself by grasping the straps of her costume and his leader's coat. At about ten feet from the shore a life belt was thrown in which the boy was placed by the other two and the three reached the shore safely. Margaret Vaughan's action probably saved the life of the Scout leader as well as that of the elder boy.
Meanwhile, John Howard Davies (aged 13 years) had safely reached the mainland when he saw that his friend, who was unable to swim, was being forced away from the causeway into deep water. He stripped to the waist and went back along the causeway to help him. By swimming out he was able to grasp his friend, and hold him up in the water. Both boys shouted for help and it was obvious that they would not get ashore unaided. By this time a rescue boat had put out from the shore but Davies became exhausted by his efforts and before the boat could reach them he was forced to release his hold on his friend and they drifted apart. The boat rescued the friend but no further sign of Davies was seen. His body was subsequently recovered. There is no doubt that in returning to the aid of his friend after he himself had reached safety Davies gave his life in this rescue attempt.

In 1054 the king again entered Normandy with a large hostile force. He split his army in two and led the southern forces himself. His brother Odo led the second force east of the Seine river. This time William had all of Normandy supporting him. He had everything that could be used as food removed ahead of the French armies. This would cause them difficulty in keeping their soldiers fed. William also split his soldiers into two armies. William's forces watched the king's armies looking for any chance to attack. When Odo's forces reached the town of Mortimer they found plenty of food and drink. This caused his forces to relax and enjoy themselves. The commanders of William's second army caught them by surprise and killed most of Odo's soldiers. Those who did survive were taken prisoner and held for ransom. When the king got the news that his brother's army had been destroyed his army was struck with panic. The king and his men left Normandy as fast as they could. King Henry I agreed to a peace that lasted three years. But in 1058 the king broke the peace and invaded Normandy again. Just as before William kept the king's army close but waited for the best time to strike. This came as the French army was crossing the Dives river at Varaville. The king had already crossed the river and watched as his army was destroyed as they entered the water. He took what remained of his army and left Normandy for good. The king died a short time later. The new king, his young son Phillip, was under the care of William's father-in-law, Baldwin V. France was no longer hostile to Normandy and this allowed William the freedom to expand.

Mary-Jane Watson is played by Kirsten Dunst in the 2002 movie "Spider-Man". She and Peter Parker's best friend Harry Osborn are the only two students at their high school who are nice to Peter Parker. Mary-Jane dates Flash Thompson and doesn't like it when he bullies Peter Parker. When Peter gets bitten by a genetically engineered super-spider and no longer needs his glasses, Mary-Jane compliments him. Flash Thompson then attacks Peter Parker in front of a locker and Peter beats him up. Mary-Jane then breaks up with Flash. She then starts dating Harry Osborn. Harry's father Norman insults her and tells him all she really cares about is his money. Harry defends her. Mary-Jane, who overheard what was said calls Norman Osborne "a creep". Harry defends his father and Mary-Jane breaks up with him. Mary-Jane falls in love with Spider-Man after he rescues her. Harry later sees her talking to Peter and realizes that they are in love. Harry's father finds out and as the supervillain the Green Goblin kidnaps her to get to Peter who he knows is Spider-Man. Spider-Man rescues her by killing the Green Goblin. Mary-Jane later tells Peter she is in love with him and Peter says he will always be her friend but can never be anything else to her. In the 2004 movie "Spider-Man 2", she accidentally unmasks Spider-Man after he rescues her from Dr. Octopus. They then start dating. In the 2007 movie "Spider-Man 3", Mary-Jane breaks up with Peter after he starts being mean to people. In the end, Peter goes back to being a good guy and he and Mary-Jane get back together.

Slate quarrying began in the hills above Tywyn in the 1830s. Although many small quarries and test levels were established, only one major quarry was developed in the region. It was at Bryn Eglwys, north east of the town. Underground working began in the early 1840s. By 1847 the quarry was being worked by local landowner John Pughe. The finished slates were sent by packhorse to the wharf at Pennal. They were then transferred to boats for a river trip to Aberdyfi (also known as Aberdovey). Finally they were loaded into seagoing vessels. This was a complex and expensive transportation arrangement which limited the quarry's output. In 1861 the outbreak of the American Civil War cut off supplies of cotton to the mills of the north west of England. As a result a number of prosperous mill owners looked for new business opportunities to diversify their interests. One such owner was William McConnel of Lancashire. In 1859 he purchased a house near Dolgellau, north of Tywyn. In January 1864, McConnel formed the Aberdovey Slate Company. The company leased the land including Bryn Eglwys from the landowner, Lewis Morris of Machynlleth.
McConnel set about improving Bryn Eglwys to increase its output. In 1865 his company earmarked money for the construction of a narrow gauge railway connecting the quarry with the port of Aberdyfi. The standard gauge Aberystwyth and Welsh Coast Railway was expanding rapidly from its base at Machynlleth however. In 1863 this railway had reached Tywyn, so McConnel decided to build his line from the quarry to Tywyn. This was the nearest point where slate could be transferred to the standard gauge railway. This was despite the line's initial isolation from the rest of the system because of difficulties in bridging the estuary of the Afon Dyfi to the south. An Act of Parliament (28 and 29 Vict, cap cccxv) allowing the company to operate passenger trains as a public railway was given Royal Assent on 5 July 186., The company appointed James Swinton Spooner as engineer for the construction. He laid out plans for a relatively straight line climbing steadily from Tywyn to the quarry and work quickly got underway. By September 1866 construction had advanced to the point where the Board of Trade inspector Captain Henry Tyler could make an initial inspection and report.

Intending to crush the growing power of Shivaji Maharaj, Aurangzeb sent Jaisingh of Ambar, an experienced and powerful Mughal Sardar. He left Delhi on 30th September 1664 and reached Pune on 3rd March 1665. Jaisingh's strategy was to isolate Shivaji Maharaj from his neighboring powers so that he would get neither help nor support from them, to prevent him from breaking out into the Mughal territory, to devastate his homeland, and capture his forts. He was trying to provoke the Adilshahi against Shivaji Maharaj. Jaisingh was simultaneously instigating local rulers in the Karnataka against the Adilshah so that they would be unable to help Shivaji Maharaj. To the Portuguese of Goa and Vasai, the Dutch of Vengurla, the British of Surat, and the Siddis of Janjira, Jaisingh suggested that they should start a naval campaign against Shivaji Maharaj. He also drew up a plan of capturing the forts in possession of Maharaj. Jaisingh and Dilerkhan led siege to the fort of Purandar. Mughal forces were sent to various parts of Swaraj. Maharaj tried to resist the Mughals. When the Mughals put the fort of Purandar under siege, Murarbaji Deshpande fought with the greatest of courage. He died a hero’s death. Realizing that in this conflict with the Mughals, he and his subjects had to face great losses, Maharaj began talks for a treaty with Jaisingh. A treaty between Jaisingh and Maharaj was signed in June 1665 which is known as the ‘Treaty of Purandar’. Under the terms of the treaty, Maharaj ceded twenty-three forts and adjacent areas yielding a revenue of four lakh hons to the Mughals. He also assured the Mughals of help against the Adilshahi.

The history of Vietnam begins around 2,700 years ago. Successive dynasties based in China ruled Vietnam directly for most of the period from 207 BC until 938, when Vietnam regained its independence. Vietnam remained a tributary state to its larger neighbor China for much of its history but repelled invasions by the Chinese as well as three invasions by the Mongols between 1255 and 1285. Emperor Trần Nhân Tông later diplomatically submitted Vietnam to a tributary of the Yuan to avoid further conflicts. The independent period temporarily ended in the middle to late 19th century, when the country was colonized by France (see French Indochina). During World War II, Imperial Japan expelled the French to occupy Vietnam, though they retained French administrators during their occupation. After the war, France attempted to re-establish its colonial rule but failed in the First Indochina War. The Geneva Accords partitioned the country in two with a promise of democratic election to reunite the country.
However, rather than peaceful reunification, partition led to the Vietnam War. During this time, the People's Republic of China and the Soviet Union supported the North while the United States supported the South. After millions of Vietnamese deaths, the war ended with the fall of Saigon to the North in April 1975. The reunified Vietnam suffered further internal repression and was isolated internationally due to the continuing Cold War and the Vietnamese invasion of Cambodia. In 1986, the Communist Party of Vietnam changed its economic policy and began reforms of the private sector similar to those in China. Since the mid-1980s, Vietnam has enjoyed substantial economic growth and some reduction in political repression, though reports of corruption have also risen.

Joey Gladstone is the best friend of Danny Tanner from his childhood. When Danny's wife dies, he moves in with him helping him to bring up Danny's daughters D.J., Stephanie and Michelle. He settles the problems of the children very sensible and understanding. Because of it, it's abused his trust. Joey works as a Stand-up-Comedian. He likes to imitate comic-figure like Popeye, Bullwinkle J. Moose or Pepé Le Pew. In the beginning Joey doesn't have an own room in Danny's house. So, he sleeps in the niche of Danny's living room. So that Joey has privacy, Danny transforms his underground parking lot into a bedroom. Because he doesn't work normal, he takes care of Danny's children: He prepares the breakfast for them, he helps them to do the homeworks, he gets them to school and other activities. By the way, Joey often takes care of Michelle when she is a baby. But he never complains. He means, if he carries out the tasks, he feels a member of the family. Joey's father worked in the US Arms and brought up him very strict. Therefore, Joey had to suffer as a child and they hadn't a good contact. D.J. and Stephanie manage to end the argument. Pushing on with his job as a comedian. When the second season starts, he sells jingles with Jesse. On the side, Joey becomes a moderator of programme for children and plays in a popular daily soap. Later, he presents the popular radio show Rush Hour Renegades with Jesse. During the serie, Joey has a few relationships, but they don't work for a long time.

Simchat Torah evening is a wikt:festive and child-friendly holiday. After the regular holiday evening prayers, all the Torahs are taken from the wikt:ark. Members of the synagogue march or dance around the synagogue seven times with the Torahs. Each time around the synagogue, the people pray "Save us! Answer us on the day we call!" Sometimes the dancing moves from the synagogue to the street outside. Sometimes the dancing can go late into the evening, with extra songs and prayers added. One very common custom is for people—especially children—to march or dance with flags, sometimes with candles or apples on top. At the end of the dancing in most synagogues, a piece of the last Torah portion in Deuteronomy is read in public. In Orthodox and Conservative synagogues, the very end of Deuteronomy is not read at night. But in Reform synagogues, it sometimes is.
After the regular holiday morning prayers, the dancing and marching of the previous night are repeated. After that, every wikt:eligible adult member of the synagogue is called to the Torah for an "aliyah" (honor), says blessings, and has several verses of the Torah read. Depending on the size of the synagogue, this can take a long time. Different synagogues have different ways to do this:
Once all eligible adults have received an honor, the celebration comes to its highest point. The last three honors go to distinguished members of the synagogue:
For all of these honors, the person honored stands under a "tallit" (prayer ) held open like the "ḥuppa," or , in a Jewish wedding.

"The Marshall Mathers LP" was released in May 2000. The album sold more than 1.78 million copies in the US in its first week, breaking both the record for the best-selling hip hop album, held by Snoop Dogg's "Doggystyle", and the best-selling album in its first week in the U.S., held by Britney Spears' "...Baby One More Time". The first single from the album, "The Real Slim Shady", was a huge success, although it created a lot of controversy by insulting celebrities and making negative claims about them. Among other things, he claims that Christina Aguilera had oral sex with Fred Durst and Carson Daly. On the album's second single, "The Way I Am", he tells his fans about the pressure his record company puts on him to surpass the sale of "My Name Is". Although Eminem parodies rock musician Marilyn Manson in the song, the artists are openly friends. Manson starred in the music video for "The Way I Am" and he was also part of a remix of the song for a concert with Eminem. On the album's third and most successful single, "Stan", he samples Dido's song "Thank You". In the song, Eminem plays the personality of a psychopathic fan who ends up killing himself and his pregnant girlfriend, similar to the song "'97 Bonnie & Clyde" from "The Slim Shady LP". In the music video of "Stan", Eminem is shown writing with his left hand. This ended a debate between fans about his dominant hand. "Q Magazine" awarded Stan the third best selling rap song ever, while Top40-Charts.com placed the song to be the tenth best-selling rap song. The song has since been praised and the "Rolling Stone Magazine" ranked the song as #290 in their 500 Best Songs of All Time. In July 2000, Eminem became the first white person to come to the front page of "The Source Magazine". The album has received 10x platinum status from the RIAA.

The words of Tanouye's citation explain:
Technical Sergeant Ted T. Tanouye distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 7 July 1944, near Molino A Ventoabbto, Italy. Technical Sergeant Tanouye led his platoon in an attack to capture the crest of a strategically important hill that afforded little cover. Observing an enemy machine gun crew placing its gun in position to his left front, Technical Sergeant Tanouye crept forward a few yards and opened fire on the position, killing or wounding three and causing two others to disperse. Immediately, an enemy machine pistol opened fire on him. He returned the fire and killed or wounded three more enemy soldiers. While advancing forward, Technical Sergeant Tanouye was subjected to grenade bursts, which severely wounded his left arm. Sighting an enemy-held trench, he raked the position with fire from his submachine gun and wounded several of the enemy. Running out of ammunition, he crawled 20 yards to obtain several clips from a comrade on his left flank. Next, sighting an enemy machine pistol that had pinned down his men, Technical Sergeant Tanouye crawled forward a few yards and threw a hand grenade into the position, silencing the pistol. He then located another enemy machine gun firing down the slope of the hill, opened fire on it, and silenced that position. Drawing fire from a machine pistol nest located above him, he opened fire on it and wounded three of its occupants. Finally taking his objective, Technical Sergeant Tanouye organized a defensive position on the reverse slope of the hill before accepting first aid treatment and evacuation. Technical Sergeant Tanouye's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

In the sixth and seventh seasons, "The West Wing" explores a leak of top-secret information by a senior staffer at the White House. This leak has been compared to the events surrounding the Valerie Plame affair. In the storyline, the International Space Station is damaged and can no longer produce oxygen for the astronauts to breathe. With no other methods of rescue available, the president is reminded of the existence of a top-secret military space shuttle. Following the president's inaction, the shuttle story is leaked to a White House reporter, Greg Brock (analogous to Judith Miller), who prints the story in "The New York Times". Brock will not reveal his source and goes to jail for failing to do so, as did Miller. In order to stop the investigation, in which authorities suspect Chief of Staff C.J. Cregg, Toby Ziegler admits leaking the information, and the President is forced to dismiss him. In comparison, the Plame affair resulted in the arrest and conviction of Lewis Libby, the vice president's chief of staff. However, Libby was convicted of perjury in testimony to a grand jury. No one was convicted for "blowing the cover" of Plame. (Richard Armitage, an official in the Bush State Department, acknowledged leaking information about Plame to reporters but was never charged with a crime.) Libby's two and a half year prison sentence was later commuted by President Bush, though the other facet of his sentence ($250,000 fine) stands until Libby's appeals were to be considered.

Oswald had been born in New Orleans, 2 months after his father died, and his mother moved him and 2 brothers to several different towns, while marrying a third husband for 3 years, 1945-48. After attending 12 schools, around Fort Worth, New York City, and New Orleans, Oswald dropped out of 10th grade, at age 16, and worked as an office clerk/messenger. Moving back to Texas in July 1956, Oswald entered 10th grade in Fort Worth, but quit school again, at age 17 in October, to join the U.S. Marines, as had his brother Robert, after their half-brother John Pic joined the U.S. Coast Guard. In 1959, Oswald received a hardship discharge (for mother's health) to quit the Marines, but defected to the Soviet Union, for nearly 3 years. Having married Marina, the daughter of a Soviet security official, he re-defected back to the U.S. with her and their daughter, in June 1962.
They settled in Dallas, with his mother and brother Robert. Oswald worked 3 months in a welding company, then worked in a printing shop from October until being fired in April 1963. Oswald was later suspected of the April 10 attempt to shoot General Edwin Walker, using a rifle (and handgun) he received through mail-order in March. Oswald and Marina quickly moved to New Orleans in April, but she returned to Dallas in late September 1963, when he traveled to Mexico with failed plans to go to Cuba and the USSR. Instead, he returned to Dallas and began working at the Texas School Book Depository on October 16, 1963. The FBI was investigating Marina as a possible Soviet spy. That was one month before the shootings of President Kennedy and Officer Tippit.

Leonard Hofstadter is a fictional character in the television show The Big Bang Theory. Leonard is from New Jersey. His father is an anthropologist and his mother is a neuroscientist. Leonard’s parents made him learn to play the cello and become a scientist even though he wanted to be a rapper “like Snoop Dogg but with a little more healthy respect for the police”. Leonard was on the debate team in school and says that if he had not had glasses, he would have been “the coolest kid on the debate team to get constantly shoved into his locker.” Leonard also mentions that he once had a bully who gave him such a terrible wedgie that it temporarily moved one of his testicles. He also says that he hated high school because he was never popular and that his mother never let him celebrate his birthday because “that was her accomplishment, not mine” and that his parents never paid attention to his achievements. Leonard got his Phd at Princeton and got a job working at Caltech. He became a roommate of Sheldon Cooper because he couldn’t afford an apartment with only his own money. He almost accidentally gave American nuclear secrets to his girlfriend Joyce Kim not realizing that she was a North Korean spy but Sheldon Cooper annoyed her so much that she left before he could give her anything. When a beautiful girl named Penny moves in across the hall from Leonard and Sheldon, Leonard falls in love with her. Leonard tried to get her to like him but thanks to Sheldon she finds out that Leonard has Luke Skywalker shampoo and Darth Vader conditioner and uses the periodic table as a shower curtain and plays boggle in Klingon with his friends including Sheldon, Rajesh Koothrapalli and Howard Wolowitz leading her to think that he is a nerd. For most of the show Leonard is trying to start a relationship with Penny and they eventually date and get married.

Hermione is one of Harry Potter's best friends. She knows nearly every thing in the magical world. She spends a lot of time with Harry and Ron. Her parents are Muggles (not magical) but she is the brightest witch of her class. She was born on September 19, 1979 and when she arrived at Hogwarts for the very first time, she was almost 12, since she was born after September 1st, she has to wait a year later. Her parents are dentists. She is intelligent and her special skill is the ability to remember all that she has read. Because of this, Hermione is successful in her tests. Although she is smart, she also is brave and has street-smarts. She cares about house-elves and has made the club S.P.E.W., the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare, which Ron mockingly calls "Spew." She made scarfs and garments to liberate the elves of the slavery of the wizards. But none of the elves took the garments and Dobby (the old house elf of the Malfoy family) gathered them. She is one of the prefects of Gryffindor with Ron. Her appearance is made up of bushy brown hair, dark brown eyes, and huge front teeth, which Draco Malfoy enlarged it in her fourth year. It is also noted at the end of "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" that she marries Ron and they have two children together called Rose and Hugo, to which the children has taken after their parents' initials. Although in "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" she was the dance partner of Viktor Krum. She belongs to Gryffindor house, which is known for bravery. The Sorting Hat thought about putting her in Ravenclaw house, which is known for wisdom, but finally it put her in Gryffindor. Hermione has a pet cat named Crookshanks, which Ron told her it was like a hairy pig.

Aaliyah had a vocal range of a soprano. With the release of her first single "Back & Forth", Dimitri Ehrlich of "Entertainment Weekly" expressed that Aaliyah's "silky vocals are more agile than those of self-proclaimed queen of hip-hop soul Mary J. Blige." Aaliyah described her sound as "street but sweet", which featured her "gentle" vocals over a "hard" beat. Though Aaliyah did not write any of her own material, her lyrics were described as in-depth. She incorporated R&B, pop and hip hop into her music. Her songs were often uptempo and melancholy, revolving around "matters of the heart". Her songs have been said to have "crisp production" and "staccato arrangements" that "extend genre boundaries" while containing "old-school" soul music. When she experimented with other genres, such as Latin pop and heavy metal, critics did not like the attempt. As her albums progressed, writers felt that Aaliyah acted more older, calling her progress a "declaration of strength and independence". Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic described her eponymous album, "Aaliyah", as "a statement of maturity and a stunning artistic leap forward" and called it one of the strongest urban soul records of its time. She portrayed "unfamiliar sounds, styles and emotions", but managed to please critics with the contemporary sound it contained. Ernest Hardy of "Rolling Stone" felt that Aaliyah reflected a stronger technique, where she gave her best vocal performance. Others felt that she was "satisfying rather than extraordinary", stating that she added little to modern R&B.

Polyphemos appears in Homer's "Odyssey". On his journey home to Ithaca after the Trojan War, Odysseus lands on the island of Polyphemos. They come to the cave where Polyphemos lives. Polyphemos comes back and he traps them in his cave placing a boulder in front of the entrance, also eating some of Odysseus' men. Odysseus then thinks of a plan to get away. He tells Polyphemos that his name is "Nobody", and gives him wine to drink. When he is sleeping, Odysseus and his men take a log from the fire and shape the end of it to a point and drive it into the Kyklops', Polyphemos, only eye, so he could not see them anymore. In agony he cries out to the other Kyklopes for help. When they ask what has happened, he says that "Nobody" hurt him, so the Kyklopes leave him. The next morning Polyphemos lets his sheep out of the cave, but touches their backs so no one of the men could ride out on them. But Odysseus and his men hold themselves on the underside of the sheep, and so they get out. When Polyphemos realizes that Odysseus got away, he cries out to the other Kyklopes again. They asked him what happened, and he said "Nobody hurt me.", and so the other Kyklopes went away again. When Odysseus was on his ship again, he called out in rage to Polyphemos saying that he, Odysseus was the one who had destroyed his eye. As Odysseus went away he mocked Polyphemos. This is hubris. Polyphemos was very angry and threw a rock at them, but it missed the ship. Then he pled with his father, Poseidon, for revenge that all of Odysseus' men should die and that Odysseus should only come home to Ithaca after ten years. All of it comes true, as is told in the "Odyssey".

In Brussels in Belgium, the main Carnival procession is held in the Grande Place, the town square in front of the Gothic Town Hall with its huge tower. Every part of the procession is ruled by a tradition, but some of the traditions are so old that no-one remembers what they mean anymore. At the beginning of the procession is a large group of people dressed in beautiful costumes of silk and velvet, who act out an historic scene of the coming of the King of Spain and his royal court to Brussels 500 years ago. When they have taken their seats, there comes an amazing procession which includes stilt walkers, fire eaters, Goldilocks with a dancing bear, a mad camel, a wizard, lots of men in huge feathery headdresses, and the Archangel Michael whose job is to frighten the Devil. These characters are traditional to Brussels. In every city, the characters that take part are different.
The country of Uruguay in South America is a fun place to be during Carnival. In Uruguay, Carnival has its own special musical performance. During February and March, it is summer in Uruguay. Everybody goes into the streets, from old people to children. There are people dancing, singing, and playing a special kind of music. This kind of dance and music is called murga. People do murga performances in groups. The biggest groups have 17 people. They wear funny clothes with lots of colors. They play the drums and sing. The members of the groups are not professional singers or dancers. They are people with other jobs. Each group prepares and practices their own dance and songs for months. Then, they try to be the best group at the festival. Each group's dance and songs last about 45 minutes. The songs are stories about important people or events in the news, so people think watching murga is like watching a play at the theater.
Uruguay’s Carnival started over 100 years ago. It is the world's longest and is about 40 days long. People still work during that time, but in the evenings and on weekends, they enjoy the festival.

In his Works and Days Hesiod gives the oldest known literary version of the story. There is an older story that says that urns and jars can contain blessings and evils which is told in Homer's Illiad:The immortals know no care, yet the lot they spin for man is full of sorrow; on the floor of Zeus' palace there stand two urns, the one filled with evil gifts, and the other with good ones. He for whom Zeus the lord of thunder mixes the gifts he sends, will meet now with good and now with evil fortune; but he to whom Zeus sends none but evil gifts will be pointed at by the finger of scorn, the hand of famine will pursue him to the ends of the world, and he will go up and down the face of the earth, respected neither by gods nor men.The more famous version of the myth comes from another of Hesiod's works, called "Works and Days". There, the myth is contained in lines 60 to 105. Hesiod tells about Pandora's origin. He also makes the scope of the misery she inflicts on mankind bigger. As before, she is created by Hephaestus, but now more gods help completing her (lines 63-82): Athena taught her needlework and weaving (63–4); Aphrodite "shed grace upon her head and cruel longing and cares that weary the limbs" (65–6); Hermes gave her "a shameful mind and deceitful nature" (67–8); Hermes also gave her the power of speech, putting in her "lies and crafty words" (77–80) ; Athena then clothed her (72); next she, Persuasion and the Charites adorned her with necklaces and other finery (72–4); the Horae adorned her with a garland crown (75). Finally, Hermes gives this woman a name: Pandora – "All-gifted" – "because all the Olympians gave her a gift" (81). The story is written in such a way that Pandora's feminine and deceitful nature is a small problem for mankind, because she brings a "pithos". This word is usually translated as jar, sometimes as a "box". The box contains "burdensome toil and sickness that brings death to men" (91–2), diseases (102) and "a myriad other pains" (100).

Minella made his debut in the Argentine national selection in 1933, after the successes with the shirt of Gimnasia; that team, however, was not properly considered official by the Federation. On January 6, 1935 he officially made his debut during the South American Championship in 1935, facing Chile in Lima. In 2-3-5 chosen by Manuel Seoane Minella was deployed as center-half and played the whole tournament in this position. On January 20 he took the field against Peru and on January 27 against Uruguay, both times as a starter, Argentina reached second place in the competition. In 1937 he participated in the second South American Championship, which was held entirely in Buenos Aires. Once again as a central midfielder, Minella was one of the cornerstones of that national team, since he played all the matches of the tournament. He made his debut on December 30, 1936 against Chile, and attended against Peru (January 16, 1937), Uruguay (January 23) and Brazil (January 30). At the end of the tournament, given the parity between Brazil and Argentina in the group, a play-off had to be played, in which Minella did not take part, replaced by Ernesto Lazzatti. In 1940 he participated in the Copa Juan R. Mignaburu and the Copa Héctor Rivadavia Gómez, while the following year he was part of the squad that played the Copa Presidente Roque Saenz Peña. In 1941 he was also called up for the South American, organized in Santiago, integrating the midfield together with Esperón and Sbarra in the first match against Peru on 12 February. On February 16 he was the starter against Ecuador, and on February 23 he played the first 40 minutes of the match with Uruguay. This was his last game in South American Championship premier international tournament. Minella turned down a chance to play for the South American Championship in 1942 where Argentina finished as runners-up.

In 604 Athelfrith attacked Deira to his south. King Athelric of Deira was killed. Athelfrith also tried to kill Edwin of Deira, Athelric's brother, but Edwin escaped. He took Edwin's sister, Achaas, as his second wife. In 605 Athelfrith united the two kingdoms, Bernicia and Deira, into a single kingdom called Northumbria. He must have spent the next few years setting up ways to govern such a large territory. He almost certainly set up fortifications as well. By 613 Athelfrith began trying to capture Edwin who had since been in exile in Gwnedd and Powys. He moved his army across the Pennines to Chester. When several monks were sent by the Britons to negotiate with Athelfrith they were killed. Between 613 and 616 Athelfrith defeated the Britons in battle at Chester. Edwin escaped again this time to Mercia, then to East Anglia. Athelfrith wanted the king, Raedwald of East Anglia, to murder Edwin, but he would not. Concerned that Athelfrith might attack East Anglia, Raedwald took his army and attacked Athelfrith. The two armies met at the River Idle near Doncaster. Not seeing the East Angles as a major threat, Athelfrith brought a smaller army. Athelfrith was killed after he was separated from his bodyguards. Edwin returned to Northumbria to become the king. At Athelfrith's death his family fled north to find safety. Eanfrith, the eldest son, found safety with the Picts. He married the sister of Gartnait, King of the Picts. His Oswald and Oswiu found safety with the Scots in Argyll.

"Avatar" draws on the four classical elements common to many ancient philosophies for its bending arts: Water, Earth, Fire and Air. Although each has its own variation, most ancient philosophies incorporate these four elements in some way. Examples include the classical Hindu, Buddhist, and Greek elemental traditions. In the show’s opening, each element is accompanied by two Chinese characters: an ancient Chinese seal script character on the left representing the element being shown and a modern Chinese character on the right describing some feature of the element.
The character 水 (pinyin: "shui"), which stands for water, is shown with 善 (pinyin: "shan"), which means benevolence and adaptivity. The character 土 (pinyin: "tu"), which stands for earth, is shown with 強 (pinyin: "qiang"), which means for strength and stability. The character 火 (pinyin: "huo"), which stands for fire, is shown with 烈 (pinyin: "lie"), which means intensity and passion. Finally, the character 气 (pinyin: "qi"), which stands for air, is shown with 和 (pinyin: "he"), which means peace and harmony.
In addition to the use of four classical elements in the series, the fighting styles associated with each element are all taken from different styles of Chinese martial arts. The series employed Sifu Kisu of the Harmonious Fist Chinese Athletic Association as a martial arts consultant. Each fighting style was chosen to represent the element it projected. Tai Chi was used for "Waterbending" in the series, and it focuses on alignment, body structure, breath, and visualization. Hung Gar was used for "Earthbending" in the series, and was chosen for its firmly rooted stances and powerful strikes to present the solid nature of earth. Northern Shaolin, which uses strong arm and leg movements was used for "Firebending". And Ba Gua, which uses dynamic circular movements and quick directional changes, was used for "Airbending".<ref name="avatar2/index.jhtml"></ref> The only exception to these styles is Toph, who can be seen practicing a Chu Gar Southern Praying Mantis style.

Victor Hugo's first mature work of fiction appeared in 1829. It reflected his interest for society which appeared more often in his later work. "Le Dernier jour d'un condamné" ("The Last Day of a Condemned Man") had a big influence on later writers such as Albert Camus, Charles Dickens, and Fyodor Dostoevsky. "Claude Gueux" appeared in 1834. It is a documentary short story about a real-life murderer who had been executed in France. Hugo himself considered it to be a precursor to his great work on social injustice, "Les Misérables". But Hugo’s first successful novel "Notre-Dame de Paris" ("The Hunchback of Notre Dame"), which was published in 1831. It was quickly translated into other languages across Europe. One of the effects of the novel was to make the inhabitants of Paris restore the neglected Cathedral of Notre Dame, which was attracting thousands of tourists who had read the popular novel. The book also inspired a renewed appreciation for pre-renaissance buildings, which began to be actively preserved.
Hugo began planning a major novel about social misery and injustice as early as the 1830s, but it would take a full 17 years for "Les Misérables", to be realized and finally published in 1862. The author was acutely aware of the quality of the novel and publication of the work went to the highest bidder. The Belgian publishing house Lacroix and Verboeckhoven undertook a marketing campaign unusual for the time, issuing press releases about the work a full six months before the launch. It also initially published only the first part of the novel (“Fantine”), which was launched simultaneously in major cities. Installments of the book sold out within hours, and had enormous impact on French society. The critical establishment was generally hostile to the novel; Taine found it insincere, Barbey d'Aurevilly complained of its vulgarity, Flaubert found within it "neither truth nor greatness," the Goncourts lambasted its artificiality, and Baudelaire - despite giving favorable reviews in newspapers - castigated it in private as "tasteless and inept." "Les Misérables" proved popular enough with the masses that the issues it highlighted were soon on the agenda of the French National Assembly. Today the novel remains his most enduringly popular work. It is popular worldwide, has been adapted for cinema, television and stage shows.

Mick promises to help her broadcast a signal which will mind control the whole planet. A monster named Gorrox disguises as a TV producer to get humans for her broadcast. The audition he holds causes Calvin and Hayley to argue and breakup, while, Victor and Monty are chosen for the role. Gorrox reveals himself and is destroyed along with a vengeful Brax, in battle with the Rangers. Unfortunately, they are unable to stop her as Odius now controls half the human race and has ambushed Summer Cove High. While Sarah and Hayley sneak onto the Warrior Dome to save a mind controlled Calvin, the Romero brothers and Preston watch a Odius turns the Nexus Prism evil and forges a Ninja Nexus Super Star, revealing she's wanted to control an army with the Prism's power for a thousand years. The three are then forced to fight Brody and Levi's father, whom was also mind controlled. Luckily, Hayley destroys the satellite and gets back together with a free Calvin. Odius' former human soldiers escape with Victor and Monty's help, leading to the destruction of to combat a seemingly unstoppable Odius, infuse themselves with the power of the Nexus Star with a little help from Preston's magic. Try as she may, Odius is no match for a whole team of those with equal powers to hers, falling in the final battle when the Rangers combine their Nexus Stars combined with the Nexus Power and bringing peace to Earth. Victor and Monty are rewarded for their bravery in helping to stop Odius while the Rangers return their powers to the Ninja Nexus Prism, which uses its power to reforge its Ninja Steel
crust and files off in search of another planet in need. With Mick remaining on Earth as their teacher (through remaining in contact with his family through satellite), the Rangers return to life as normal high school students, unware that Sledge and his crew are still alive elsewhere in space.

Mario Kart Arcade GP 2 is the second game in the Mario Kart Arcade GP series and the seventh in the Mario Kart series overall. You can use powerups as items. There are 32 Tracks and 8 cups to the full game. Mario Kart Arcade GP is the initial installment in the series. Originally designed for the Tri-force arcade board (also used for F-Zero AX) by Namco, players can race as one of eleven characters on twenty-four tracks. There are a total of six cups, with four tracks in each, equalling twenty-four. If you're a gamer that strives to see all aspects of the game, you are likely to spend around 50 hours to obtain 100% completion. Coins have three uses, they increase your overall speed, they give you a tiny boost, and they can unlock objects. The biggest bruiser in is still the biggest powerhouses in Mario Kart 8. Bowser has the fastest speed stat in the game along with Wario. Statistically, the Pipe Frame is the best car in the game: it has great acceleration, handling, and a great mini-turbo. It also has decent traction but like many of the other cars on this list, suffers from its weight and speed. The player can jump by pressing the Brake while holding the gas pedal. To drift, the player does the same thing as jumping, but by turning the wheel to the desired direction. In the latest update, the player can also use the Mario button to jump. The game Mario Kart Arcade GP 1 includes only four playable characters, all of which appeared from the previous games: Mario, Luigi, Princess Peach and Yoshi. Items are thrown by making hand movements, which the game registers by an attachment to the player's wrist. Mario Kart Arcade GP DX is the third Mario Kart Arcade GP game, which was released in Japanese arcades on July 25, 2013, and in North American and European arcades in 2014 (previously announced for end of 2013), but the game was available in all Dave & Buster's restaurants from February 16, 2014 until April 2014. Daisy, Lakitu, and King Boo are the Japanese Exclusive characters that can be downloaded in Japanese Mario Kart Arcade GP DX game.

The story of the relics of St Edward began at the moment of his death (martyrdom). Immediately following the murder, the body of the murdered king slipped from the saddle of his horse and was dragged with one foot in the stirrup until it fell into a stream at the base of the hill upon which Corfe Castle stands (From that time people thought that the stream had healing properties - particularly for the blind). The queen then ordered that the body be quickly hidden in a hut nearby. Within the hut however, there lived a woman blind from birth whom the queen supported out of charity. During the night, a wonderful light appeared and filled the whole hut and struck with awe, the woman cried out: "Lord, have mercy!" and suddenly received her sight. At this she discovered the dead body of the king. The church of St. Edward at Corfe Castle now stands on the site of this miracle. At dawn the queen learned of the miracle and was troubled and again ordered the disposal of the body, this time by burying it in a marshy place near Wareham. But a year after the murder a column of fire was seen over the place where the body was hidden, lighting up the whole area. This was seen by some of the inhabitants of Wareham, who raised the body. Immediately a clear spring of healing water sprang up in that place. Accompanied by what was now a huge crowd of mourners, the body was taken to the church of the Most Holy Mother of God in Wareham and buried at the east end of the church. This took place on February 13 980.

This Surah was revealed at the end of 6 AH or at the beginning of 6 AH after the Treaty of Hudaybiyyah . This is clear from the subject matter of the Surah and the various narrations of the Hadith also prove its authenticity. The event of the month of Zilqad in the sixth Hijri. Fourteen, with Muslims the Prophet Muhammad Umrah to perform there has arisen. But the Quraish disbelievers, out of enmity, completely opposed the oldest religious tradition in Arabia and did not allow him to perform Umrah . After much debate and debate, they agreed that next year you can come to visit the house of God. At this time, on the one hand, the Muslims had a KaabaIt was necessary to explain the rules of pilgrimage for the purpose of pilgrimage, so that the Umrah could be performed with full Islamic dignity next year, and on the other hand, it was necessary to urge them to respond to the excesses of the infidel enemies by not allowing them to perform Umrah. Let them take the lead, so that they may not again oppress the disbelievers. Because Hajj to many disbelieving tribesThe tour had to go through Muslim-dominated areas. In the same way that the Muslims were not allowed to visit the Ka'bah, they could have forcibly blocked the way of visiting the Ka'bah of these disbelieving tribes. This is the context in which the introductory speech at the beginning of this Surah is discussed. This issue has been raised again in the front thirteen ruku's. This proves that the same speech continues from the first ruku to the fourteenth ruku. In addition, all the other contents we find in this Surah seem to be of the same period

In December 1860, convict Peisley gained his Ticket of Leave at Scone, conditional upon him remaining in the Hunter River Valley. On 23 March 1861, fifty miles north-east of Bathurst, between Louisa Creek and Tambaroora, with fellow Cockatoo Hand named McKenzie, he robbed travelling bank officer Richard Cox Shaw carrying £565 in notes, also some gold and silver coins. Earlier bushrangers were mostly transported convicts; colony-born Peisley became the first true "Wild Colonial Boy". The robbers split and Peisley absconded to the Abercrombie Ranges he knew well. In May, at Fish River in Fogg’s ironbark slab humpy, six miles from Bigga, Peisley and Frank Clark reunited and teamed with John Gilbert as highway robbers, ‘sticking up’ travellers in the area between Bathurst, Lambing Flat, Gundagai and Yass. On 16 July morning, Sergeant John Middleton and Trooper William Hosie stationed at Tuena, descended upon Fogg’s humpy occupied by Fogg, his wife and children, Frank Clark armed with a six-shot revolver handgun, and Jim Barney, an old man. Unknown to the troopers, Peisley and Gilbert were camped one mile away. Called to surrender, Clark shot Middleton three times, in the hand, mouth and hip, and Trooper William Hosie received a glancing ball to his forehead. Clark was also wounded. They wrestled before Clark gave up and was manacled. Barney took off to warn Peisley and Gilbert. Middleton left for Bigga to get help and reinforcements. Circumstances of Hosie leaving for Bigga were disputed. Fogg claimed Hosie accepted fifty sovereigns to release Clark and to say he escaped. Hosie averred at Fogg’s trial for obstructing police, while he and Fogg escorted the prisoner along the road to Bigga, Clark escaped when bushrangers Peisley and another (Gilbert) waylaid them. Trooper Hosie reached Bigga alone mid-afternoon. Weak and delirious from loss of blood, Sergeant Middleton arrived at nightfall. Both would later recover. Reports of Crime issued July and August 1861 declared £120 rewards, £20 for Clark’s apprehension, and £50 for Peisley’s, and further sum of £50 by Government for such information as shall lead to the conviction of those concerned in the outrage of attacking and wounding the Patrol with Firearms in the Bathurst District. The report disclosed:

Mumbai (previously known as Bombay until 1996) is a natural harbour on the west coast of India, and is the capital city of Maharashtra state. 
Mumbai is India's largest city, and one of the world's most populous cities. It is the financial capital of India and a global city. Many billionaires live there. The city is the second most-populous in the world. It has about 13 million people. Along with the neighbouring cities of Navi Mumbai and Thane, it forms the world's 4th largest urban agglomeration. They have around 19.1 million people
The seven islands that form Bombay were home to fishing colonies. The islands were ruled by successive kingdoms and indigenous empires before Portuguese settlers took it. Then, it went to the British East India Company. During the mid-18th century, Bombay became a major trading town. It became a strong place for the Indian independence movement during the early 20th century. When India became independent in 1947, the city was put into Bombay State. In 1960, following the Samyukta Maharashtra movement, a new state of Maharashtra was created with Bombay as the capital. It was renamed Mumbai in 1996.
Mumbai generates more than 6% of India's GDP. It accounts for 25% of industrial output, 40% of sea trade, and 70% of capital transactions to India's economy. The Reserve Bank of India, the Bombay Stock Exchange, the National Stock Exchange of India and many Indian companies and multinational corporations are in the city. It also has the Hindi film and television industry, known as Bollywood.

Oldsmobile in the 50s was centered on the Rocket engine and the Space Race. During this time, Oldsmobile cars with the Rocket V8 were considered to be the fastest and were redesigned with a wide "open maw" grille. Oldsmobile changed its logo to reflect its "universal appeal" from its customers while changing the grille again in 1958 to reflect the Rocket image. Oldsmobile, along with Buick and Cadillac, were the first to have a hardtop (Cadillac's was the Coupe DeVille, while Buick's was the Riviera) and a wrap-around windshield. Trim models were also introduced in the 1950s that connected with base models. Examples include the Oldsmobile Dynamic 88 and Oldsmobile Super 88. However, the introduction of the "Forward Look" design by Chrysler along with cars by DeSoto and Mercury made Oldsmobile outdated. This made General Motors design the "StratoRoof", which had negative reception from customers and owners alike. 1958 had a decline in sales while also introducing a major facelift for Oldsmobile, especially the 88. Oldsmobile models had another major redesign a year later in 1959 for the exterior and interior. Oldsmobile's peak was in the 1960s, being one of the most innovative companies in automotive industry, such as the first Turbocharger and Water Injection (Oldsmobile Jetfire) and first Front-Wheel-Drive car in the United States since the 1929 Cord Phaeton (Oldsmobile Toronado). It also included Oldsmobile's most known models (Oldsmobile 442, Oldsmobile Cutlass, Oldsmobile Vista Cruiser, and more).

In 1984, the National Science Foundation began work on establishing five new supercomputer centers, including the Cornell Center for Advanced Computing, to provide high-speed computing resources for research within the United States. In 1985, a team from the National Center for Supercomputing Applications began the development of NSFNet, a TCP/IP-based computer network that could connect to the ARPANET, at the Cornell Center for Advanced Computing and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. This high-speed network, unrestricted to academic users, became a backbone to which regional networks would be connected. Initially a 56-kbit/s network, traffic on the network grew exponentially; the links were upgraded to 1.5 Mbit/s T1s in 1988 and to 45 Mbit/s in 1991. The NSFNet was a major milestone in the development of the Internet and its rapid growth coincided with the development of the World Wide Web.
Cornell scientists have researched the fundamental particles of nature for more than 70 years. Cornell physicists, such as Hans Bethe, contributed not only to the foundations of nuclear physics but also participated in the Manhattan Project. In the 1930s, Cornell built the second cyclotron in the United States. In the 1950s, Cornell physicists became the first to study synchrotron radiation. During the 1990s, the Cornell Electron Storage Ring, beneath Alumni Field, was the world's highest-luminosity electron-positron collider. After building the synchrotron at Cornell, Robert R. Wilson took a leave of absence to become the founding director of Fermilab, which involved designing and building the Tevatron, the largest accelerator in the United States. Cornell's accelerator and high-energy physics groups are involved in the design of the proposed International Linear Collider and plan to participate in its construction and operation. The International Linear Collider, to be completed in the late 2010s, will complement the Large Hadron Collider and shed light on questions such as the identity of dark matter and the existence of extra dimensions.

ETH Zürich is a public research university in the city of Zürich, that was founded by the Swiss Federal Government in 1854 with the stated mission to educate engineers and scientists. The school focuses primarily on science, technology, engineering and mathematics. ETH Zürich is ranked among the top universities in the world. Typically, popular rankings place the institution as the best university in continental Europe and ETH Zurich is consistently ranked among the top 1-5 universities in Europe, and among the top 3-10 best universities of the world. Over 20 Nobel Price winners have studied or worked there, for example Albert Einsteins. For Swiss students, ETH Zurich is not selective in its undergraduate admission procedures. Like every public university in Switzerland, ETH Zurich is obliged to grant admission to every Swiss resident who took the Matura. ETH Zurich has two campuses. The main building was constructed 1858–1864 outside and right above the eastern border of the town, but nowadays it is located right in the heart of the city. In the year of ETH Zurich's 150th anniversary, an extensive project called "Science City" for the Hönggerberg Campus was started with the goal to transform the campus into an attractive district based on the principle of sustainability. The annual Polyball is the most prestigious public event at ETH Zurich, with a long tradition since the 1880s. At the end of November, the Polyball welcomes around 10,000 dancers, music-lovers and partygoers in the extensively decorated main building of ETH Zurich. The amicable rivalry between ETH Zurich and its neighbor, the University of Zurich, has been cultivated since 1951 (Uni-Poly). There has been an annual rowing match between teams from the two institutions on the river Limmat.

Max finds out that people are moving into the house next door. The new neighbors turn out to be Freak and his mother Gwen, who Freak calls "The Fair Gwen" after King Arthur's wife. The boys make friends. They go to the Fourth of July fireworks together, and puts Freak on his shoulders so he can see. The local tough guy, Tony D. "Blade", chases the two with his gang because Freak called him a cretin. With Max's size and speed and Freak's directions and master plan of running into the pond, they keep themselves safe until they are rescued by the police. After this incident, Freak starts riding on Max's shoulders. They call their combined form "Freak the Mighty". The friendship is good for them both; they stick up for each other and Kevin even teaches Max to read and learn properly. They go on adventures such as going to the hospital which Freak claims has a secret department called the "Bionics Department" which has had his brain cat scanned to be fitted into an artificial body. On one adventure they find a woman's purse in the sewer. They return it to the woman who is called Loretta Lee. Loretta is the wife of Iggy Lee, boss of the Panheads, a motorcycle gang who "struck fear in everyone, even the cops", as Max puts it. She loved to eat weird things like cowpie and a lot of disgusting things because that's how her gang was. Iggy says that the two of them once knew Max's father. They want to "have some fun" with the boys but change their minds because they are afraid that Max's father will get angry. They are afraid of Max's father even though he's serving a life sentence. They also reveal that Kevin's father left once he heard his son had a birth defect.

While used mostly by the Union army, rifled guns were still a new idea and were not very popular among artillery officers or field commanders. Rifled guns were designated by the diameter of the bore of the barrel in inches. In 1860, the Ordnance Board recommended that half of the existing bronze smoothbore cannons be rifled. But this weakened the cannons to the point they could not stand the strain of firing. So the experiment quickly ended. Ordinarily the barrels of smoothbore cannons only lasted about 500 rounds before having to be replaced. Rifled barrels proved to last much longer in field use. The British-made Armstrong and Whitworth guns were good weapons but there were not enough of them to have any major effect on the war. A problem with the rifled guns was they fired too far for the gunners to accurately see to range their targets. When artillery observers and balloons were used for artillery spotting, this increased the accuracy of the rifled guns. Training artillery crews in the use of rifled guns took longer and was more difficult. General George McClellan was among the Union officers who felt that the American terrain was not well suited for the very long range of these weapons. Jefferson Davis, the Confederate President was of the same opinion. All these factors contributed to the slow acceptance of rifled cannon.
The cannon called the 3-inch Ordnance Rifle (also called the 3-inch Wrought Iron Rifle) was an early favorite of the Ordnance Board due to its accuracy. These and other rifled guns were distinguished by their black barrels. About 1,000 were bought during the war. They were made by the Phoenix Iron Works of Phoenixville, Pennsylvania. They were made of wrought iron strips bent on a mandrel then welded together. They were then machined into their final shape. The early prototypes were fired 500 times with no signs of wear. It was accurate and reliable in battle. The Confederacy also produced a 3-inch Ordnance Rifle. But the use of low-grade iron ore and poorer rifling machinery made these guns less reliable.

Crusio is the founding editor-in-chief of "Genes, Brain and Behavior". This journal started in 2002 and has an impact factor of 4.061. This ranks it 63rd out of 237 listed journals in the Neurosciences category and 6th out of 48 listed journals in the Behavioral sciences category. He and his co-editors developed standards for the publication of mouse mutant studies for this journal. These standards are gradually being accepted in the field. Since 2017, Crusio is editor-in-chief of "Behavioral and Brain Functions". He is also an academic editor of "PLoS ONE" and served as associate editor of "Behavioral and Brain Sciences" (1991–2008) and "The ScientificWorldJournal" (2002-2011). Crusio serves or has served on the editorial boards of "Behavioral and Brain Functions, Behavior Genetics" (1991–1995), "Behavioural Brain Research" (1997–2007), "BMC Neuroscience", "BMC Research Notes, Frontiers in Behavioral Neuroscience, Journal of Visualized Experiments, Molecular Brain, Neurogenetics" (1998–2006), and "Physiology and Behavior". He edited special issues for the journals "Behavior Genetics", "Behavioural Brain Research", "Physiology and Behavior" (with Robert Gerlai), "Hippocampus" (with Aryeh Routtenberg), and "Brain Research Bulletin" (with Catherine Belzung and Robert Gerlai). He also edited a handbook on molecular genetic techniques for behavioral neuroscience together with Robert Gerlai. He is currently editing the "Cambridge Handbooks in Behavioural Genetics", a series of handbooks published by Cambridge University Press. The first volume, "Behavioral Genetics of the Mouse", will appear in 2013.

When Alfonso II died, Ramiro I (842–50) staged a coup against the "Count of the Palace" Nepotian, who had taken the throne. After a battle on a bridge over the river Narcea, Nepotian was captured in flight, blinded and then forced into monastic life. Early in his reign, in 844, Ramiro was faced with a Viking attack at a place called "Farum Brecantium", believed to be present-day Corunna. He gathered an army in Galicia and Asturias and defeated the Vikings, killing many of them and burning their ships. In 859, a second Viking fleet set out for Spain. The Vikings were slaughtered off the coast of Galicia by Count Pedro. The considerable territorial expansion of the Asturian kingdom under Alfonso III (866–910) was largely made possible by the collapse of Umayyad control over many parts of Al-Andalus at this time. Between the years 866 and 881, the western frontier of the kingdom in Galicia was expanded into the northern part of modern-day Portugal. The year 878 saw a Muslim assault on the towns of Astorga and León. The expedition consisted of two detachments, one of which was decisively defeated at Polvoraria on the river Orbigo, with an alleged loss of 13,000 men. In 881, Alfonso took the offensive, leading an army deep into the Lower March, crossing the Tagus River to approach Mérida. Then miles from the city the Asturian army crossed the Guadiana River and defeated the Umayyad army on "Monte Oxifer", allegedly leaving 15,000 Muslim soldiers killed. Returning home, Alfonso devoted himself to building the churches of Oviedo and constructing one or two more palaces for himself.

Rodger's parents decided to remove him from Taft High School after only a week, and after a few weeks of Rodger staying at home, enrolled him in Independence Continuation High School, a school of roughly 100 students that offered three to four hours of daily instruction aimed at assisting students facing challenges. Rodger remained mostly silent, continuing to immerse himself in playing "World of Warcraft" during his time there. After spending so much time on video games, Akaaboune became concerned and told him to get off, but this would anger Rodger, causing him to argue with his step-mother. In a later event Rodger rescued his younger brother from drowning in their family pool. The downturn in the commercial directing industry, exacerbated by the September 11 attacks, severely impacted Rodger's father's career. In response, he embarked on creating a documentary titled "Oh My God", which took him to over 23 countries in two and a half years to interview figures like Hugh Jackman and Ringo Starr on their perceptions of God. The documentary's release in November 2009 was a financial flop, selling only a few tickets and costing Rodger's father around $200,000, money he had secured from his home's equity. This drove Rodger's father into debt and forced him to stop child support payments. He explained to a judge that his business had been unprofitable for more than a year, leaving him without any income and in search of work. He sought to reduce his child support payments for his two children from $2,000 monthly. Rodger's mother acknowledged that her ex-husband financed his documentary by leveraging his home but consented to pause child support payments for a year. With Rodger's mother only making $40,000 a year working as a research assistant for a film company, she stated that she found herself relying on family and friends for money.

The Pawnee are a Native American Plains Indians tribe. They lived mainly in what is now Nebraska and Kansas. Unlike other tribes of the Great Plains, they were semi-nomadic people. They were hunters and farmers. The Pawnee farmed for most of the year and lived in earth lodges. During the buffalo hunting season, they lived in tepees so they could follow the herds. In the early 1800s their main village was on the south side of the Platte River (Nebraska). They raised crops including beans, corn, pumpkins, squashes and sunflowers. The powerful Pawnee tribe had four individual bands. These were the Chaui (Grand), the Kitkehaki (Republican Pawnees), Pitahauerat (Tapage Pawnees) and the Skidi (Loup or Wolf Pawnees). They were a fierce people who used war paint and tattoos to intimidate their enemies. The Pawnee took scalps in battle. Pawnee war parties often rode out on scalping missions against other tribes. The Pawnee also practiced human sacrifice. Most often this took the form of ritually killing a young captive girl in a five-day ceremony. She was sacrificed to the Morning Star. The last known ritual killing was of a girl in the mid-18th century. The Pawnee were the largest tribe to have lived in Nebraska. They were one of the earliest tribes to come to the area. Estimates are that there were between 10,000 and 12,000 Pawnee in Nebraska by 1800. They had little to fear from their enemies because they were a large tribe. But smallpox and other diseases aswell as warfare with the Sioux reduced their numbers significantly in the early 1800s. They were finally removed to Oklahoma in the 1870s.

In 1980, when Joshua Milton Blahyi was 9 years old, a man named Samuel Doe led a rebellion against president William Tolbert and had him killed. At some point after 1982, when Blahyi became a tribal priest, Doe hired Blahyi to use black magic so that Doe could win the election in 1985. In 1989, when Blahyi was 18, a man named Charles Taylor rebelled against Doe and started a civil war. Taylor and his men killed Doe in 1990. Then the 19 year old Blahyi joined a militia called the United Liberation Movement of Liberia for Democracy and fought against Taylor’s army in the civil war. Blahyi then recruited an army of child soldiers to fight for him wearing nothing except for shoes and amulets while being naked himself and because of their nudity, they were called The Naked Base Commandos and Blahyi got the nickname “General Butt Naked”. Blahyi gave his child soldiers drugs so that they would be easier to control and would massacre villages that he attacked and he would wikt:celebrate each victory by eating the heart of a human child and by killing a child for a human sacrifice. He would also torture people. Blahyi also fought against other militias for control of diamond mines so that he could sell diamonds to drug cartels in Mexico for weapons and cocaine. In 1996, Blahyi and the Naked Base Commandos fought a battle in Monrovia against people on Charles Taylor’s side who were trying to arrest Blahyi’s commander Roosevelt Johnson. And Blahyi cut off a man’s testicles and held them in his hand while shooting people with a gun in battle.

The origin of the rug is unknown. There are different theories regarding the origin of the carpet. While a number of scholars presume a Oghuz-Turkic origin, Volkmar Gantzhorn assumes a Urartian and Armenian origin of the rug. A Persian theory also exists, but has not been further elaborated; The rug may have originated between the Iranian-Altaian corridor through ancient contacts. Some authors assume that the wool, the artistic conception, as well as the workmanship, may have been provided by Armenians of the Near East; The rug itself is considered as a Sakic funeral accessory. Although a previous study in 1983/1985 did not support an involvement of Armenian cochineal, a Soviet-based conference held in Riga (1987) still maintained the claim that the red threads of the rug resemble those of the Armenian cochineal type. Later it was found by an American research center (Bard Graduate Center, 1991) that the bluish-red color used for the rug and other felts was actually made from Polish cochineal ("Porphyrophora polonica"), a scale insect native to Eastern Europe, Central Asia and Western Siberia, or from one of the Porphyrophora species recently discovered in Kazakhstan: "P. Altaiensis", "P. Turaigiriensis" (Jashenko, 1988), "P. Akirtobiensis" (Jashenko, 1988), "P. eremospartonae" (Jashenko, 1989), and "P. matesovae" (Jashenko, 1989). Armenian authors, however, still insist in the Soviet-based perception of 1987. Further confirmation on the nature of "Ararat Kermes" of the Armenian cochineal gained by the analysis of "Porphyrophora hameli" insects in 1990 by Harald Böhmer, has shown that the Pazyryk rug cannot have been dyed with this insect.

Inside The Brothers Karamazov, people struggle between religious faith and doubt. When Fyodor Karamazov asks, “Is there a God or not?” Ivan says, “No, there is no God.” Fyodor turns to Alyosha: “Alyosha, does God exist?” Alyosha firmly answers, “God does exist.” Dostoevsky writes in his book that a life of faith is higher, better, purer, and happier than a life of doubt, cold, hurting, and confusing. Zosima and Alyosha love humans and are a symbol of faith, while Dostoevsky shows that he thinks that doubt is bad by Ivan's madness and Smerdyakov's murder. Dostoevsky also shows in the chapter “The Grand Inquisitor” that though faith may not be able to be solved by logic, there is something in it deep, moving, and impossible to explain by words – like in Jesus and Alyosha’s kiss, or in Zosima's bowing down to the ground. It also searches about free will: Ivan says that free will is a heavy burden, while Zosima and Alyosha agree that free will is a joy and a gift of God to humans. Another important theme is that of forgiveness: Zosima says everyone must forgive and love, and Alyosha never judges or criticizes people. Zosima says that people should forgive each other freely, because people's sins are so connected with each other that everybody has some responsibility for each other, like when Dmitry, without thinking much about it, grabs Captain Snegriev's beard and pulls him, leading finally to Ilyusha's death. People like Ivan do not like this idea: he continues to that he does not have any responsibility for other people's sins, and when he finally is forced to accept it, he becomes insane.

After the WWE brand extension, WWE started having drafts each year, where some wrestlers changed brands. After three years on the "SmackDown" brand, the WWE Championship switched brands during the 2005 draft, when the WWE Champion John Cena was sent to "Raw" while the World Heavyweight Champion Batista was sent to "SmackDown". On June 11, 2006, Rob Van Dam used his Money in the Bank contract at ECW One Night Stand for a WWE Championship match against Cena. Van Dam beat Cena to win the WWE Championship, moving the title to the "ECW" brand, a brand WWE created after buying the Extreme Championship Wrestling promotion. On July 3, Edge beat Cena and Van Dam in a Triple Threat Match to win the WWE Championship and with Edge on the "Raw" brand at the time, Edge brought the title back to Raw. After the 2008 WWE Draft, the WWE Champion Triple H was drafted to "SmackDown", moving the WWE Championship to the "SmackDown" brand. The following year, the title returned to Raw after Triple H was drafted back to "Raw" during the 2009 WWE Draft, and the championship stayed there. When "SmackDown"'s Batista won the title from "Raw"'s John Cena at Elimination Chamber, it still stayed on "Raw" because Batista was sent there.
From August 2011 to July 2016, all WWE TV programming became "Supershows" that had wrestlers from both "Raw" and "SmackDown". This meant that the WWE Championship matches could happen at any WWE event. The brand extension came back in 2016 and the WWE Champion at the time Dean Ambrose was drafted to "SmackDown Live", making the title "SmackDown"-exclusive. WWE then made the Universal Championship for Raw.

The cast features fifteen major roles with star billing: eleven return from the fifth season, one returns from the fourth season after a year's absence, and three are new regular cast members. Unlike the latter half of the previous season, in which the cast was divided into two groups following two separate storylines, Season Six features an alternate universe scenario which the producers call "flash-sideways," and almost all the main characters participate in both storylines. Returning from the fifth season are the survivors' leader Dr. Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox); former fugitive Kate Austen (Evangeline Lilly); millionaire Hugo "Hurley" Reyes (Jorge Garcia); former torturer Sayid Jarrah (Naveen Andrews); con artist James "Sawyer" Ford (Josh Holloway); medium Miles Straume (Ken Leung); former mob-enforcer Jin-Soo Kwon (Daniel Dae Kim) and his privileged wife Sun Kwon (Yunjin Kim); leader of the island's native population (known as the "Others") Ben Linus (Michael Emerson); and deceased crash survivor John Locke, who lives on in the sideways timeline but has been possessed in the original timeline by the mysterious Man In Black. Emilie de Ravin returns in her role as Claire Littleton, a new mother who was absent for one season after disappearing on the Island, and Henry Ian Cusick also returns as Desmond Hume, who starts the season off the Island. The new main cast roles go to pilot Frank Lapidus (Jeff Fahey), Richard Alpert (Nestor Carbonell), an ageless advisor to the Others, and mysterious Flight 316 leader Ilana Verdansky (Zuleikha Robinson). Carbonell was named a main cast member by the executive producers at Comic-Con 2009, after guest starring in the previous three seasons, and Fahey and Robinson were confirmed after appearing in recurring roles in the fourth and fifth seasons.

"Disgaea" starts in a castle where the player controls Laharl. He or she can buy weapons, armor, accessories, and items, cure their team at a hospital, go to a place called Item World, go to a place called the Dark Assembly, or go to another place through a portal.
The main gameplay is a turn-based strategy role-playing game. The characters start from a blue portal on the level, and the player can take up to ten people out for a battle. The level is on a grid, and each character can move a certain number of spaces. The player can do many things after they are out of the portal, like attacking, defending, or throwing someone.
There are many kinds of items like weapons, armors, accessories, and help items.
There are two main kinds of character types - human-shaped characters, like Humans, Angels, and Demons who look like humans, and Monster characters, which are demons who do not look like humans.
The Item World is a world where the player can send the characters into an item. The levels in the Item World are randomly made, and at every ten floors, there's a more powerful enemy and an exit. The more floors the player goes to, the stronger the item gets. In Item World, there are also characters called Specialists. If one of the player's characters kills them, they are captured, and make the item more powerful in some ways. For example, if the player captures a Gladiator, the item boosts the attack power of who's holding it.
The Dark Assembly is a place where Laharl can go to propose a law, which include a law that gets more expensive

After Sir Austen Chamberlain became British Foreign Secretary, he wanted a British guarantee to France and Belgium as the Anglo-American guarantee had fallen due to the United States' refusal to ratify the Treaty of Versailles. Stresemann later wrote: "Chamberlain had never been our friend. His first act was to attempt to restore the old Entente through a three-power alliance of England, France and Belgium, directed against Germany. German diplomacy faced a catastrophic situation". Stresemann conceived the idea that Germany would guarantee her western borders and pledged never to invade Belgium and France again, along with a guarantee from Britain that they would come to Germany's aid if attacked by France. Germany was in no position at the time to attack, as Stresemann wrote to the Crown Prince: "The renunciation of a military conflict with France has only a theoretical significance, in so far as there is no possibility of a war with France". Stresemann negotiated the Locarno Treaties with Britain, France, Italy, and Belgium. On the third day of negotiations Stresemann explained Germany's demands to the French Foreign Secretary, Aristide Briand. As Stresemann recorded, Briand "almost fell off his sofa, when he heard my explanations". Stresemann said that Germany alone should not make sacrifices for peace; European countries should cede colonies to Germany; the disarmament control commission should leave Germany; the Anglo-French occupation of the Rhineland should be ended; and Britain and France should disarm as Germany had done. The Treaties were signed in October 1925 at Locarno. Germany officially recognized the post-World War I western border for the first time, and was guaranteed peace with France, and promised admission to the League of Nations and evacuation of the last Allied occupation troops from the Rhineland. Germany's eastern borders were guaranteed to Poland only by France, not by a general agreement.

Rodger's mother had met George Lucas and dated him briefly, leading to Rodger and his mother getting invitations to "Star Wars" premieres. Rodger immersed himself video games, getting gifted an Xbox to play popular video games such as "Halo" for hours. During this period, Akaaboune became pregnant and subsequently gave birth to a son. Rodger's enjoyment of movie's also began to disappear due to his discomfort with couples present at the movies. Throughout his middle school years, his social interactions significantly decreased, leading him to find solace in the online game "World of Warcraft". This game became a major part of his life, consuming up to 14 hours daily at his mother's residence and serving as his primary form of social engagement. When Rodger was 11, he found someone in an online chat room who shared explicit images of naked blond women with him. This exposure to pornography was entirely new to Rodger, finding himself overwhelmed with shock and emotions upon viewing the pictures. By the time Rodger was in middle school, feeling like an outcast, he began to intentionally annoy classmates to gain some attention. Rodger began to become known as the "quiet" and "weird kid," being subjected to teasing and bullying. Rodger was also bullied by a blond girl, leading him to start to hate women, whom he viewed as "heartless creatures." While at an Internet cafe, Rodger was startled and curious when he saw an older teenager watching pornography. This experience left him feeling a mixture of shock and arousal. Subsequently, Rodger walked home alone, crying and feeling too guilty to talk with his parents about it. As time passed, Rodger's inability to engage in sex worsened his misery.

The words of Moto's citation explain:
Private First Class Kaoru Moto distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 7 July 1944, near Castellina, Italy. While serving as first scout, Private First Class Moto observed a machine gun nest that was hindering his platoon's progress. On his own initiative, he made his way to a point ten paces from the hostile position, and killed the enemy machine gunner. Immediately, the enemy assistant gunner opened fire in the direction of Private First Class Moto. Crawling to the rear of the position, Private First Class Moto surprised the enemy soldier, who quickly surrendered. Taking his prisoner with him, Private First Class Moto took a position a few yards from a house to prevent the enemy from using the building as an observation post. While guarding the house and his prisoner, he observed an enemy machine gun team moving into position. He engaged them, and with deadly fire forced the enemy to withdraw. An enemy sniper located in another house fired at Private First Class Moto, severely wounding him. Applying first aid to his wound, he changed position to elude the sniper fire and to advance. Finally relieved of his position, he made his way to the rear for treatment. Crossing a road, he spotted an enemy machine gun nest. Opening fire, he wounded two of the three soldiers occupying the position. Not satisfied with this accomplishment, he then crawled forward to a better position and ordered the enemy soldier to surrender. Receiving no answer, Private First Class Moto fired at the position, and the soldiers surrendered. Private First Class Moto's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

In 1918–19 Vézina won ten games, and helped the Canadiens defeat the Ottawa Senators in the NHL playoffs for the ability to play for the Stanley Cup against the PCHA champion, the Seattle Metropolitans. Held in Seattle, the two teams were tied in the best of five series when it was cancelled due to the Spanish flu epidemic, the first time the Stanley Cup was not awarded. In the ten playoff games prior to the cancellation, Vézina had won six games, lost three and tied one, with one shutout. Vézina recorded nearly identical records the next two seasons, with thirteen wins and eleven losses and a goals against average above four in both 1919–20 and 1920–21. He won twelve games the following season, as the Canadiens again failed to qualify for the Stanley Cup.
After winning thirteen games in 1922–23, Vézina led the Canadiens into the NHL playoffs, where they lost the two game, total goal series to the Ottawa Senators, who would win the Stanley Cup. The following season saw Vézina return to leading the league in fewest goals against. His average of 1.97 goals per game was the first time a goaltender had averaged fewer than two goals against per game. With another thirteen win season in 1923–24, the Canadiens reached the NHL playoffs, where they again faced the Ottawa Senators. This time the Canadiens won the series, then defeated the Vancouver Maroons of the PCHA before reaching the Stanley Cup Finals for the first time in five years. Playing the Calgary Tigers of the Western Canada Hockey League, Vézina and the Canadiens won the best of three series two games to none, as Vézina recorded a shutout in the second game. The championship was the Canadiens' first as a member of the NHL and second as a club. After a seventeen win season in 1924–25 where Vézina recorded a goals against average of 1.81 to again lead the league, the Canadiens reached the Stanley Cup Finals. The Canadiens only qualified after the Hamilton Tigers, the regular season champions, were suspended for refusing to play in the playoffs unless they were paid more. Facing the Victoria Cougars, the Canadiens lost the series three games to one.

Burnside's plan, approved by Lincoln, was to move the army south to attack Richmond. He decided to move via Fredericksburg. That way he could depend on the Union Navy to keep him supplied instead of overland supply which could be attacked by Confederate cavalry. He would also sidestep the Confederate army and get between them and Richmond. His main base was the landing at Aquia Creek. His plan was to use pontoon bridges to cross the Rappahannock at Fredericksburg. But the pontoon bridges were two weeks late in arriving. So the Army of the Potomac sat across the river and waited. This delay gave Lee ample time to gather his forces to oppose Burnside, who had now lost the advantage of surprise. During the early morning hours on December 11, soldiers assembled the pontoon bridges so the army could cross. The confederates fired on them causing delays in completing the bridges. Burnside's 150 artillery pieces opened fire from Stafford Heights. The shells did extensive damage to the town but did not drive off the Confederates. Finally the bridges were completed late that evening. More than 120,000 Union troops poured across the bridges into Fredericksburg. Lee continued to give token resistance to allow General Stonewall Jackson's corps time to get in place and complete a Confederate line some three miles long.
Burnside had depended on an unopposed crossing of the river. Now, Lee had time to get his army in place. Winter weather would soon make the roads very difficult to use and end any campaigns until spring. Burnside needed to break through Lee's line.

For such a prolific empire, there are few written accounts of its greatness. Most of the written accounts that do exist came from Arab scholars who traveled through the region. Instead of written accounts, most of the stories from the locals were passed down through oral histories, songs and poems. Until this day, ‘griots’ still tell stories of the ancient history in the area. Architects in the Mali Empire combined styles of the Sahel region and Middle East together, particularly after Emperor Musa’s pilgrimage to Mecca. There were several royal palaces built during the time, many of which are still standing. Mud bricks, log beams and plaster helped these palaces to remain standing. The most famous work of architecture from the time period is the Great Mosque of Djenné, now a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The mosque was rebuilt in 1907 and can still be visited in Djenné. However, if you aren’t a Muslim, you can’t go inside.
The Mali Empire had one of the richest leaders in history. The richest and most famous of all the leaders of the Mali Empire was Mansa Musa. It is thought by some that Mansa Musa could have been the wealthiest person in history. According to stories, he took 60,000 people on a pilgrimage to Mecca in 1324 along with camels loaded down with gold. 
Islam was very important to the Mali Empire. Most of the kings of the Mali Empire eventually converted to Islam, with their people subsequently practicing as well. However, unlike many empires, they didn’t make their subjects convert, and the version of Islam that they practiced was combined with the local traditions of the villages. You can still see many relics in cities like Bamako, Djenné and Timbuktu.
The Mali Empire's most important industry was gold. People in the ancient world were drawn to it. The Mali Empire (Timbuktu in particular) was a huge trading center for the gold industry. Camel caravans would come to the area before leaving across the trans-Saharan trade routes. The empire had so much gold that it caused the market to crash for a period of time when Mansa Musa brought almost a ton of gold to Cairo. The army of the Mali Empire was massive.
During the height of the Mali Empire, the army numbered around 100,000 men and 10,000 cavalry, making it one of the largest in the world at the time. The empire used this army to gain new lands. Mansa Musa was the richest person in the world.

In 1947 upon the Independence of Pakistan and the Indian Transfer of Power, the last Babi dynasty ruler of the state Mohammad Mahabat Khanji III merged it into newly formed Dominion of Pakistan. Although surrounded on three sides by the Dominion of India, and on the fourth by open Arabian Sea. On 15th August it acceded to Pakistan and Pakistan Government accepted on 13th September 1947, following the Independence of the new Dominions of the Republic of India and Pakistan, the Khan Sahib Ghulam Moinuddin Khanji acceded his state of Manavadar to Pakistan, even though, being a Vassal state of Junagadh State, the prince had every right to do so. This act was done at the same time as his master, the Nawab of Junagadh who himself had the right not to accede his state to modern India, this was fully in accordance with the agreed principles for accession of Princely states. The accession not agreeable to the Indians, they applied various methods of tactic intimidation. They induced two vassal rulers to accede to their country in return for recognition as independent rulers, but even this did not last very long. Simultaneously, 'People's Committees' and the Indian National Congress party agitators were most encouraged to ferment civil unrest and create disturbances, against the new Dominion of Pakistan aimed at reducing the administration to chaos. The Nawab and his remaining family had fled to the safety fearing for their lives on the 24th October in 1947, and chose to flee to their desired country, followed shortly afterwards by his Prime Minister they all eventually settled in the port city of Karachi (then as the capital of the nation).

Christoph Probst (November 6, 1919-February 22, 1943) was one of the six core members of the White Rose Resistance Group. He was one of the later members to join. He played a passing role in the first four leaflets, but then began to distance himself from the group in order to protect his wife and three children. In late January 1943, Probst, who wanted to play a more pivotal role in the Resistance, asked Hans Scholl if there was anything he could do to help. Scholl, who at first was reluctant to allow Probst to take part in more of the risky activities because of his family, suggested that Probst write a draft of the Seventh leaflet. Probst happily did so, and gave it to Hans within a few days. This pamphlet was on Hans when he and his sister Sophie were arrested on February 18, 1943. Hans tried to tear it up, but it was taken from him before he could finish tearing it. The Gestapo traced the handwriting to Christoph, who was captured on February 20. On February 22, Hans, Sophie, and Christoph were put on trial. The trial was resided over by Roland Freisler, a hard judge who gave death sentences to about 90% of the trials he presided over. When asked to speak, Christoph attempted to be released, stating that he suffered from a psychotic depression stemming from the fact that his wife was sick with child bed fever. When this tactic didn't work, he pleaded with the judge to spare him on account of his children. Freisler didn't listen to his plea, even when Hans Scholl offered to take all the punishment for Christoph if only Freisler would let Christoph go free. At around 2 pm, Freisler announced the verdict. Hans, Sophie, and Christoph were guilty. The punishment was death, to be carried out immediately that same day. Christoph was hustled to a prison cell, where he wrote his last letters. Christoph, who was technically not associated with any religion, although he had accepted Catholicism long ago, asked to be baptized into the Catholic faith before he died. For a few minutes before his death, Hans, Sophie, and Christoph were allowed to be together for a short time. While there, Christoph is credited with saying, "I didn't know dying could be so easy." A few minutes after 5 pm. Christoph was put under the guillotine. He didn't get to see his wife or children before he died.

Tanuja lives with her friend Abhishek Khurana and her and Rishi's daughter Natasha in London. Rishi lives with Netra and her daughter, Tania. Natasha and Tania assume Abhishek and Rishi as their respective father. Rishi and Abhishek also love them as their own daughter. Tanuja is Abhishek's house's caretaker. Tanuja and Abhishek pretend to be husband and wife in front of the world so do Rishi and Netra. Abhishek comes to India with Tanuja and Natasha to take over Rishi company. He and Rishi are business competitors. After many incidents, Rishi decides to get Natasha's custody along with Tanuja while Tanuja misunderstood Rishi and Netra to be in a live_in relationship. Rishi stops Abhishek and Tanuja's wedding hence leaving Netra. Tanuja applies for divorce with Rishi but the court orders Tanuja to stay in Bedi house with Rishi and Natasha for six months, after the time period she can divorce Rishi. Abhishek and Netra are heartbroken by this.Netra vows to ruin Tanuja while Rishi tries to rekindle his and Tanuja's love.Meanwhile, Ahana misunderstands Manpreet of having an affair with his secretary. Manpreet tries to save his relationship with Ahana but all his efforts go in vain as Ahana decides to part ways after Rano and anniversary.Abhishek tells Tanuja the truth about him, while Netra is not giving up and tries to separate them.Tanuja knows her truth and wants to expose her Evil truth but Rishi is not ready to believe her.Netra is successful in killing Tanuja. Abhishek gets emotional and tells to the Bedi Family that Netra is responsible for this. the Bedi's tells that tanuja has died. Meanwhile, Rishi who cannot live without Tanu kills himself by taking poison with an injection.

Lai Khutsangbi wanted to eat the child Shasi. But Shasi's father, Shasipa was so brave that the Lai Khutsangbi was afraid of him. One day, Shasipa left home to work somewhere far away. He would be gone for days. Lai Khutsangbi came to the house at night, and asked Shasi's mother, Shasima if her husband was at home or not. Shasima was smart, so she lied and said her husband was at home. Lai Khutsangbi left. But she came back night after night and asked the same question again and again. Shasi's mother also gave the same reply, hiding the true fact that Shasipa was away. After some time, Shasi's father returned home and Shasi's mother told him what had happened. Shasi's father decided to defeat the demoness. That night, he waited for Lai Khutsangbi with a sharpened sword. At midnight, the demoness, as usual, came to ask Shasima if her husband was home. This time, Shasi's mother replied that he was away from home. Unaware of the trick, Lai Khutsangbi broke through the wall of the house with one of her powerful hands, trying to find Shasi, the child. Shasi's father, who was waiting for this opportunity, chopped off the hand with his sword.
Then, the demoness screamed painfully, 
<poem>
Ayo Ema, I am dead! 
Ayo yo Ema ayo yo
Leimadeng deng Ningjaobi
You a big liar
Ayo yo Ema ayoyo
</poem>
Lai Khutsangbi ran away from the house, dragging her remaining long arm. The blood flew out of her cut arm and fell onto many plants growing on her way to the forest. It is said that the red patches seen on some plants is her blood. Shasi's father followed her into the woods. The demoness could not run fast because she was injured. Shasi's father caught her and stepped on her other remaining hand. Then, he chopped off that arm too.
The villagers thanked Shasipa for his bravery. From that day onwards, Lai Khutsangbi, the long handed demoness, was never seen again.

The adult Luke Skywalker is first seen in this movie. He was raised on the planet Tatooine. Tatooine is a desert planet. He lives with his uncle, Owen and his aunt, Beru. After he bought two droids, named C-3PO and R2-D2, stormtroopers sent by the Empire start to look for them. R2-D2 runs away one night. In the next morning, Luke and C-3PO look for him. Luke is attacked by Tusken Raiders, but is rescued by Obi-Wan Kenobi. R2-D2 plays a message from Princess Leia asking for help from Obi-Wan. Obi-Wan then says that Luke must come with him to Alderaan to learn about the Force. Luke learns that his father, Anakin Skywalker, was a Jedi. Luke also gets his father's old lightsaber. Luke says that he can not go with him and returns home. When he does, he sees that his home was destroyed (broken down). he is a bit fruity. He goes back to Obi-Wan and agrees to go with him and learn about the Force. Luke, Obi-Wan and the droids go to Mos Eisley to find a pilot to take them to Alderaan. They get Han Solo and Chewbacca to take them to Alderaan. When they get there, they see that the planet is gone and there is a small moon close to where it was. This small moon is the Death Star. On board the Death Star, Luke, Han, and Chewbacca save Princess Leia. As they are about to leave they see Obi-Wan fighting Darth Vader. Obi-Wan gives his life so that the group can escape. Luke and the others go to Yavin 4 so that the secret plans to the Death Star in R2-D2 can be used to destroy the Death Star. Luke then pilots an X-wing to fight against the big space station. Luke uses the Force and fires the missile that destroys the Death Star.

The English experience of witchcraft was somewhat different from the European one, with only one really mass witch hunt, that of Matthew Hopkins in East Anglia during 1645. That one incident accounted for more than 20% of the number of witches it is estimated were executed in England between the early 15th and mid-18th century, fewer than 500. The English legal system also differed significantly from the inquisitorial model used in Europe, requiring members of the public to accuse their neighbours of some crime, and for the case to be decided by a jury of their peers. English witch trials of the period "revolved around popular beliefs, according to which the crime of witchcraft was one of ... evil-doing", for which evidence had to be provided.
Potts devotes several pages to a fairly detailed criticism of the evidence presented in Grace Sowerbutts' statement, giving an insight into the discrepancies which existed during the early 17th century between the Protestant establishment's view of witchcraft and the beliefs of the common people, who may have been influenced by the more continental views of Catholic priests such as Christopher Southworth. Unlike their European counterparts, the English Protestant elite believed that witches kept familiars, or companion animals, and so it was not considered credible that the Samlesbury witches had none. Grace's story of the sabbat, too, was unfamiliar to the English at that time, although belief in such secret gatherings of witches was widespread in Europe. Most demonologists of the period, including King James, held that only God could perform miracles, and that he had not given the power to go against the laws of nature to those in league with the Devil. Hence Potts dismisses Sowerbutts' claim that Jennet Bierley transformed herself into a black dog with the comment "I would know by what means any Priest can maintain this point of Evidence". He equally lightly dismisses Grace's account of the sabbat she claimed to have attended, where she met with "foure black things ... not like men in the face", with the comment that "The Seminarie [priest] mistakes the face for the feete: For Chattox [one of the Pendle witches] and all her fellow witches agree, the Devill is cloven-footed: but Fancie [Chattox's familiar] had a very good face, and was a proper man."

Late on September 4, Noru's LLCC that remained partially exposed since formation unexpectedly became elongated and started weakening. However, data from an ASCAT scatterometer pass depicted that the LLCC had an expansive area of strong tropical storm force winds along the eastern and northern peripheries. A TUTT cell wrapped the east and northeastern sides of Noru suppressing its outflow. Soon, the convective banding, which was already fragmented started becoming disorganized causing Noru to start weakening. A new TUTT cell developed over the system and started restraining outflow. As a result, the LLCC became fully exposed and virtually lacked convection. The TUTT cell moved over Noru snuffing outflow in all directions and sheared the remnant central convection, prompting the JTWC to downgrade Noru to a tropical depression. However, data from an scatterometer pass depicted that Noru had winds of over near the center, prompting the JTWC to reupgrade the system to a tropical storm. On September 5, Noru started to appear like a hybrid system, primarily showing subtropical characteristics. The JTWC added that Noru was undergoing an extratropical transition and would become an extratropical cyclone within 24 hours. Noru continued to transition into an extratropical cyclone with a broadening LLCC and weaker winds at the core, being embedded in an upper-level trough that suppressed the formation of convection within the LLCC. With the extratropical transition well underway, Noru drifted into an area of low sea surface temperatures and started weakening, prompting the JTWC to downgrade Noru to a tropical depression. On September 6, Noru finished the extratropical transition becoming an extratropical cyclone east-southeast of Hokkaido, Japan, prompting the JMA and the JTWC to issue their final warning on the system.

Defiance is a 2008 American war-drama movie. The movie directed by Edward Zwick. The movie stars Daniel Craig, Liev Schreiber, Jamie Bell and Mia Wasikowska. 
Inspired by a true story, director Edward Zwick's epic World War II drama Defiance tells the tale of three Jewish Eastern European brothers (Daniel Craig, Liev Schreiber, and Jamie Bell) who narrowly escape certain death at the hands of the Nazis, subsequently vowing to avenge the deaths of their loves ones by launching a desperate battle against the forces that seek to exterminate their entire race. The year is 1941, and the setting is Nazi-occupied Belarus. The Final Solution is in full effect, and the Jews of Eastern Europe are being slaughtered wholesale. Tuvia, Zus and Asael have miraculously managed to escape into the dense surrounding forest. Having played in these woods since childhood, the brothers have a distinct advantage over their adversaries, and soon decide that simply surviving is not enough. In order to make a difference, they must take action, but in order to take action they will need support. As whispers of their bravery take wind, others like them appear determined to lay their lives on the line for the cause of freedom. Tuvia has become the de facto leader of the group, but he's still somewhat reluctant to take on such a heavy responsibility and his brother Zus expresses concern that his idealistic plan will ultimately bring about the group's downfall. With winter setting in, everyone works to create a functioning community that will help them endure the frigid months that lie ahead, and Asael reluctantly finds himself caught in the crossfire of his older siblings' rivalry. Is it possible to keep faith alive in a time when the world seems devoid of humanity and survival becomes a way of life?

"All in the Family" is about a family who lives during the early 1970s in the suburbs of Queens, New York City. The sitcom's main character is a World War II veteran and blue-collar worker Archie Bunker. Archie Bunker is old, a bigot, and is not very smart. He gets mad at the changes he sees in the world and wants to go back to when life was more easier. Archie does not like the Democratic Party and is a Republican. He stereotypes every person he meets. His wife, Edith Bunker is a nice woman but she is not very smart. She has a very big family but her family does not like Archie Bunker. Archie and Edith have one child. They have a daughter named Gloria Stivic who is a feminist. Archie calls Gloria "little girl". Gloria is married to Michael Stivic who is unemployed and is of Polish descent. Archie calls Michael the "Meathead" because Michael has different ideas about politics then Archie. Michael and Gloria have a son together. Archie thinks that Michael is dead from his neck to his head. Archie does not like the Jeffersons who are the African American family that live next door to them. Archie argues with George Jefferson many times but George's wife is a friends with Edith. Her name is Louise Jefferson. George and Louise have a son named Lionel Jefferson who helps out Archie. The Jeffersons move away and into the city. Edith also has a cousin named Maude Findlay who takes care of the Bunkers when they get sick. Archie argues with Maude many times because they do not have the same opinions about politics. The characters who live around Archie and his family are meant to show the changing demographics in the world, which Archie does not like.

West contends that popular coverage of the controversy obscured the true issues at stake in his dispute with Summers. West argues that Summers's vision of academia is against a deep democratic commitment that strives to connect with society at large. He contends that the controversy with Summers shows that "a market-driven technocratic culture has infiltrated university life, with the narrow pursuit of academic trophies and the business of generating income from grants and business partnerships taking precedence over the fundamental responsibility of nurturing young minds." According to West, he was highly regarded in the academic community, "had more academic references than fourteen of the other seventeen Harvard University Professors", and "had nearly twice as many such references as Summers himself." At the time, West had been focused on reaching wider audiences as part of his effort to encourage civic engagement—especially amongst youth—in the hope of revitalizing what he calls a deep democratic commitment that would counteract the encroaching political nihilism that he argues threatens the future of American democracy. While West does not deny the importance of academics engaging the more specialized concerns of their fields, he strongly opposes the sentiment that academia must limit itself to those interests. Academia and academics, he contends, have an important role to play in promoting public discourse that cannot be achieved if professors lock themselves in their ivory towers instead of engaging society-at-large and the salient issues of the day. This was the root of the quarrel, according to West.

Turan University (, "Turan Ýnıversıteti"; Russian: Университет Туран), is a university in Almaty, Kazakhstan. It is the country’s first private university, founded in 1992.Turan University was registered in 1992 in Almaty.The system of specialist training at the university is conducted on 3 levels of education: basic higher education (Bachelor's programme, the Master's programme and Philosophiae doctor). Turan University offers 25 undergraduate majors,15 master specialties and 5 Philosophiae doctor specialties. The most popular fields are in three departments: economic, humanitarian and legal, Academy of Cinema and Television faculty. Education at the university of Turan is held in three languages: Kazakh, Russian, English.
The main goal of the Turan educational corporation is to create a unique environment for obtaining skills to prepare specialists. Turan University adopted a new academic policy towards innovation and entrepreneurship. 
Admission to Turan University is carried out on the basis of state educational grants. The university also gives its own grants to students who had good marks from school.
The university employs 361 full-time teachers. This includes 55 doctors of science, professors, 215 candidates of science and associate professors, 1 philosophiae doctor. In addition to them, the educational process provides more than 49 practitioners, scientists, teachers and on the basis of staffing and hourly wage. Rector of the university of Turan is Alshanov R.A. Chairman of the university of Turan is Seidumanov S.T.

Farmers' lives and work became even worse when about 20,000 emus arrived. Emus regularly migrate (move from one area to another in big groups) after breeding each year. They return to the coast from inland areas. Western Australian farmers had cleared more land and made water supplies for their livestock and crops better. The emus went to the settlers' farms. They were good places for the emus to live. Emus began to move into farms. Many moved into the farms around Chandler and Walgoolan. The emus ate and ruined the crops. They also made large holes in fences where rabbits could enter and cause more problems.
Farmers complained to the government about the birds destroying the crops. A group of veteran settler-farmers went to meet with the Minister of Defence, Sir George Pearce. The settler-farmers had been soldiers in World War I. They understood machine guns. They asked the government to send machine guns. The minister agreed. But, he wanted soldiers to use the guns, not the settler-farmers. The Western Australian government would pay to transport the soldiers. The farmers would give them food and places to live. The farmers would also pay for the bullets. Pearce also wanted to send the guns because the birds would be good target practice for the soldiers. Some in the government may have thought the military operation would make the government look good. People would see that they were helping the Western Australian farmers. They wanted to stop a plan for Western Australia to become an independent country. A cinematographer (movie-maker) from Fox Movietone joined the soldiers.

Sportswriter Hugh S. Fullerton is involved in the next development in the history of sports psychology. Fullerton brought New York Yankees player Babe Ruth to a psychology laboratory at Columbia University. Fullerton brought Ruth there to participate in a study run by Albert Johanson and Joseph Holmes. He wanted Ruth to participate in the study because he wanted to find a reason for why Ruth hit so many home runs. He also wanted to prove to other baseball scouts whether or not other players like Ruth existed. The study that Ruth participated in was used to study sensory-motor performance. Sensory-motor performance is how things that we perceive with our senses influence our movements. The study involved measuring the power of Ruth’s swing, his reaction time, his attention, his memory, and his motor skills. The results of this study offered a reason for why Ruth hit so many home runs. His skill for hitting home runs could be because on the tests his motor skills and reflexes scored above average. The next development that came regarded football. At Stanford University, B.C. Graves, a psychology graduate student, Walter Miles, a professor, and Glenn “Pop” Warner, a college football coach started an experiment. Their experiment studied reaction time. They ran their ran experiment so they could find the fastest way to get the offense to move together when the center hiked the ball. This led to the use of psychology as a way to gain an advantage over your opponent in a competition.

In spring 1991, Mark Clements was appointed Artistic Director. His first season opened with a production of "And A Nightingale Sang". The production of John Godber's "On The Piste", was repeated later in the year, and again in 2001. Godber's work remained a popular part of the programme while Clements' was in charge. During the Clements period the programme included a variety of work, ranging from classics such as "Death of a Salesman", Aphra Behn's "Lucky Chance" and Shakespeare's "Richard III", to contemporary drama such as "Our Boys", "The Rise and Fall of Little Voice" and "Children of a Lesser God", and newly commissioned work such as "Tess of the d'Urbervilles", "Passion Killers" and "Blood Money". 
Musicals became an important part of the programme, including "Grease", "Little Shop of Horrors", "Cabaret" and "Assassins". The pantomimes written by Mark Clements and Michael Vivian drew in record numbers at Christmas time.
In 2002, Mark Clements and David Edwards left the company. Karen Hebden was appointed as chief executive and Stephen Edwards as Creative Producer. Over the following years the Playhouse gained a national reputation for its productions.
There were in-house productions of "", "Into the Woods", "Company" and "Merrily We Roll Along". 
Three of these productions featured Glenn Carter. One of these was a new music drama, "Moon Landing", in which he played Buzz Aldrin. It was written, composed and directed by Stephen Edwards. "Moon Landing" was nominated in the Best Musical Production category of the 2008 TMA Awards. 
An original cast recording of the final performance was made. The company's last production before its permanent closure was "The Killing of Sister George" starring Jenny Eclair and directed by Cal McCrystal. Its run ended on 18 October 2008. The rest of the 2008 autumn season, including the Christmas production of "Peter Pan", was cancelled.

He was involved in a real-life backstage fight with Jacques Rougeau and the Bulldogs wrestled their last WWF match at the 1988 Survivor Series. He made many enemies during his time in the WWF including Brutus Beefcake because he refused an autograph for Betley who was visiting his old student backstage at a 1986 WWF show, The Honky Tonk Man whom Dynamite claimed had made light of injuries suffered by his friend Harley Race, - an account largely corroborated by Hart - and Jacques Rougeau. Rougeau blamed Dynamite for cutting up his clothes for a prank (which was actually committed by Curt Hennig) and Dynamite in return had confronted and punched Rougeau and his brother Raymond, he ambushed and assaulted Billington with three shots in the face while his fist was loaded with a roll of quarters (including one in the mouth that knocked out four of Dynamite's teeth). Many wrestlers thought he deserved the beating because of Billington's history of bullying. He was known for being a legitimately tough guy and for his stiffness as a worker. Mick Foley told a story of when Kid and Smith wrestled the team of Les Thornton and a young Mick Foley. He said that Billington had manhandled him so badly in the ring that he could not eat solid food for a time, and Billington had tore a ligament in Foley's jaw with his trademark Hook Clothesline move. WWF-champion Randy Savage once specifically asked for Billington to watch his back when he went drinking in a hotel bar which was frequented by NWA wrestlers, including Ric Flair.

Day 1 of the march was May 2, 1963. Bevel dubbed it “D-Day,” a direct reference to the Normandy Invasion that led to the Allied victory in World War II. The morning of the movement, some children went directly to the 16th Street Baptist Church located in downtown Birmingham, but many went to school and later in the morning walked out of class; thus making more of a point in their protest.  Eventually almost a thousand school children, ages six to eighteen, congregated in Kelly Ingram Park, 16th Street Baptist Church, and Metropolitan AME Zion Church to begin their march to city hall. The youth were organized into groups and as each group was confronted with barricades and policemen, and subsequently arrested, another “platoon” would emerge from the church. This phenomenon of the seemingly countless droves of students exiting the church puzzled an officer who asked how many more children were in the church and upon hearing, “at least a thousand,” uttered, “God A’mighty.” By the end of the first day, over 900 students had been arrested, and parents were discouraged from paying bail. As stated in OAH Magazine of History, “King was criticized for using children in the demonstrations. One of the most vocal criticisms came from Malcolm X who stated, ‘Real men don't put their children on the firing line.’ King responded by saying that the demonstrations allowed children to develop “a sense of their own stake in freedom and justice”. Also, not coincidentally, the 16th Street Baptist Church was the church that was bombed on September 15, 1963, just four months later.

"Lakeview Terrace" was rated 44% on the Rotten Tomatoes website. The critical consensus from the site read: "This thriller about a menacing cop wreaking havoc on his neighbors is tense enough but threatens absurdity when it enters into excessive potboiler territory." On the Metacritic, the movie had an average score near 47 out of 100. That meant "mixed or average reviews."
Roger Ebert from the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the movie a strong and positive review. He awarded it his highest rating of four stars. Ebert then said: "Some will find it exciting. Some will find it an opportunity for an examination of conscience. Some will leave feeling vaguely uneasy. Some won't like it and will be absolutely sure why they don't, but their reasons will not agree. Some will hate elements that others can't even see. Some will only see a thriller. I find movies like this alive and provoking, and I'm exhilarated to have my thinking challenged at every step of the way." 
Mick LaSalle from the "San Francisco Chronicle" also liked "Lakeview Terrace". LaSalle said: "In its overall shape and message, "Lakeview Terrace" is a conventional suspense thriller, but the details kick it up a notch. ... The fun of "Lakeview Terrace" is not in what happens but in "how" it happens." J.R. Jones of the "Chicago Reader" said "Lakeview Terrace" was: "one of the toughest racial dramas to come out of Hollywood since the fires died down – much tougher, for instance, than Paul Haggis's hand-wringing Oscar winner "Crash"."

Tom Burnett made several phone calls to his wife beginning at 09:30:32 from rows 24 and 25, though he was assigned a seat in row 4. Burnett explained that the plane had been hijacked by men claiming to have a bomb. He also said a passenger had been stabbed with a knife and that he believed the bomb threat was a ruse to control the passengers. He told her to call the authorities, then hung up. During his second call to her, Burnett said the stabbed passenger was dead; he checked for a pulse but found none. It is believed that passenger Mark Rothenberg was the victim. Rothenberg was the only first class passenger who didn't make a phone call after the hijacking. Rothenberg was seated in 5B, and Haznawi sat directly behind him in 6B. On Flight 11, Satam al-Suqami in seat 10B attacked passenger Daniel Lewin, who was seated directly in front of him in 9B. One assumption is that Haznawi attacked Rothenberg, unprovoked, to frighten other passengers and crew into compliance. Alternatively, Rothenberg may have attempted to stop the hijacking and confront the hijackers. Burnett's wife informed him of the attacks on the World Trade Center and he replied that the hijackers were "talking about crashing this plane... Oh my God. It's a suicide mission." He began asking her for information about the attacks, interrupting her from time to time to tell the others nearby what she was saying. Then he hung up. In his next call, Burnett, who had been informed of the attack on the Pentagon, said he was putting together a plan and that "a group" were helping him. He ended his last call by saying, "Don't worry, we're going to do something."

Back in the present, Farhan, Raju and Chatur arrive in Shimla to meet Rancho, but are extremely shocked to come across a completely different man (Javed Jaffrey) identifying himself as "Ranchhoddas Shyamaldas Chanchad", whose face is pasted over that of Rancho in their first year class photograph with an ICE degree of Rancho's name. When Farhan and Raju ask Chatur how he got Rancho's address, he reveals that he managed to do so when his secretary had come to Shimla to make a business deal with "Phunsukh Wangdu", a sensational scientist and inventor with 400 patents to credit. On learning this, Farhan and Raju confront the so-called "Ranchhoddas", who is initially reluctant to reveal anything and threatens the duo with a gun, but when Farhan and Raju turn the tables on hook threaten to flush his late father's ashes down the toilet, he explains that he is the real Ranchhoddas and the "Rancho" at the ICE was his family's gardener's son, who was incredibly intelligent and gifted and was adopted by the Chanchad family after being orphaned. While Ranchhoddas himself went to London for four years, his father (Arun Bali) paid for Rancho to attend the ICE on his son's name on condition that he cut off all contact with everyone there after graduating. Rancho, who was more interested in learning than in getting a degree, agreed but warned Ranchhoddas afterwards that "two idiots" would come searching for him one day. Ranchhoddas tells Farhan and Raju that he is grateful for what all Rancho did and provides them with his real address in Ladakh, where Rancho is promptly leading a simple life as a schoolteacher, and Farhan, Raju and Chatur begin their journey once again from Shimla in search of Rancho.

He made his debut on 1 February. He played the full 90 minutes of a 0-0 draw at home to Wolverhampton Wanderers. In Manchester United's 2–0 away win over Chelsea on 17 February, he made an assist for the second goal. This was a cross for a header from Harry Maguire. Fernandes came on as a late substitute for Manchester United against Club Brugge in a 1–1 draw. This was his European debut for the club. He scored his first goal for Manchester United against Watford on 23 February. This was a penalty in a 3–0 victory at Old Trafford. In this match, he also made an assist for the third goal scored by Mason Greenwood. His first European goal for the club was in the second leg of their UEFA Europa League round of 32 tie against Club Brugge at Old Trafford. Fernandes scored a penalty. This helped Manchester United to win 5–0. On 16 March 2020, Fernandes was voted as the Premier League Player of the Month for February. On 30 June 2020, Fernandes scored his first brace (two goals in one match) for the club in a 3–0 win against Brighton & Hove Albion. In June 2020, he won awards for the club and in the Premier League. This included winning the Premier League Player of the Month and Goal of the Month. He became the first player to win both awards at the same time in the Premier League. He also became the first Manchester United player to win the Premier League Player of the Month award two months in a row since Cristiano Ronaldo in the 2006–07 season. Bruno Fernandes has scored 8 goals and assisted 7 times in 14 games in his Premier League first season with Manchester United.

Because Chiang Kai-shek was ignored by the American general, he had Stilwell called back to the United States. "New York Times" reporter Brooks Atkinson wrote at the time: The decision to relieve General Stilwell represents the political triumph of a moribund, anti-democratic regime that is more concerned with maintaining its political supremacy than in driving the Japanese out of China. America is now committed... to support a regime that has become increasingly unpopular and mistrusted in China, that maintains three secret police services and concentration camps for political prisoners, that stifles free speech and resists democratic forces... The Chinese Communists... have good armies that are now fighting guerrilla warfare against the Japanese in North China... The Generalissimo regards these armies as the chief threat to his supremacy... has made no sincere attempt to arrange at least a truce with them for the duration of the war... No diplomatic genius could have overcome the Generalissimo's basic unwillingness to risk his armies in battle with the Japanese...
But the "Time Magazine" article in which Atkinson was quoted went on to talk about the true failure of Stilwell's goals by saying that: The Chinese, exhausted by seven years of almost singlehanded war against Japan, were reluctant to give General Stilwell the troops he wanted for the Burma offensive; the Japs might suddenly crack down on them in earnest. When the Japs began the drive that last week seemed on the verge of cutting China in two, Chiang Kai-shek's Government might well have felt that its go-slow policy was justified..."

When he saw what a rich city Carthage was, Iarbus wanted to marry Dido. He told her that if she did not marry him, he would make war on Carthage. Dido did not want to marry Iarbus. She still loved her husband . Before her wedding to Iarbus, she built a large fire. She told him that the fire was a ceremony to honor Acerbas. She said that when the ceremony was finished, Iarbus would be her new husband. Instead, she climbed onto the pyre where the fire was burning. Then she killed herself with a sword. After she died, the people of Carthage worshipped her as a goddess. Carthage stayed a very rich and powerful city for 600 years. It was destroyed by Rome in 146 BC.
Dido is most well known today for the story told about her in Books 3 and 4 of Virgil's "Aeneid". Virgil's story about the early life of Dido is very like those told by Timaeus and Trogus. But his story of how she died is very different. In Virgil's story, Aeneas, a prince from the ancient city of Troy, goes to Carthage after losing a war against the Greeks (the Trojan War). Aeneas and Dido fall in love. Aeneas decides to stay in Carthage with Dido. But the god Jupiter sends Mercury to tell Aeneas that he must leave Carthage and go to Italy. Aeneas does not want to go, but knows he must do what Jupiter asks. He and his men sail away from Carthage. Dido is very sad and very angry. She builds a large fire to burn all the things that belonged to Aeneas. Then she climbs to the top of the fire and kills herself with the sword that she gave Aeneas when he first came to Carthage.

Following the takeover of the Popeye animated franchise by Paramount Studios in 1942, the Popeye cartoons were now handled by Famous Studios, which made drastic changes which abandoned almost all traces of "Thimble Theatre" and focused largely on plots involving Popeye, Olive, Bluto in something resembling a love triangle, without many other characters appearing and with very few shorts deviating from that setup, which involved Olive falling for Bluto and Popeye beating him after eating spinach in an oft-repeated formula. Also of note are Famous Studios' remakes of Fleischer cartoons (such as "Goonland", itself a loose "Thimble Theatre" adaptation), heavily changed by Famous to remove all traces of Segar creations outside of Popeye, Bluto and Olive, i.e. "Popeye's Pappy" replacing "Goonland"'s Goons with what might be considered racial caricatures of Africans led by a Bluto-like cannibal, with the only thing in common between the two versions being the rescue of Pappy - who would go on to make only two more appearances after this (one of which contradicted the established fact that he left his son shortly after his birth). Supporting characters who were notable friends of Popeye and even had several appearances in Fleischer cartoons, such as Wimpy, Pappy and Swee'Pea, were featured less than a handful of times: Wimpy only appeared in three shorts (aside from flashback-oriented stories) and others such as Eugene the Jeep never appeared at all. Popeye's role as an adventuring sailor was also reduced to a point where he was barely ever seen at sea or in the Navy other than in a few shorts mostly from the war period, as the majority of stories preferred to avoid doing more adventurous and fantastical stories and focus on Popeye's everyday life, his vacation hijinks or the "love triangle" setup.

A polynomial equation is an equation where you are only allowed to add and subtract multiples of powers of a variable, like formula_3. An "n"th power is a variable multiplied by itself "n" times. Or example polynomial has 5th, 3rd, 2nd, and 1st powers of "x". The degree of a polynomial is the largest power found in the equation. In school, students learn about a type of polynomial equation called a quadratic equation. This is an equation where the highest power, or multiple, is two. An example of a quadratic equation isformula_4, or formula_5. Notice that the only thing we care about is that there is a squared term. This makes the equation quadratic. If formula_6 are numbers and formula_7, then formula_8 is a valid quadratic equation. You may remember from school that if you know formula_6 then you can solve this equation using the quadratic formula,formula_10which gives the solutions to our equation only by plugging in formula_6. Mathematicians hoped to find a simple equation for the solutions (or, roots) for "any" polynomial equation, hopefully using only addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and two other simple calculations: powers and roots. Mathematicians were able, after years of work, to find equations for polynomials with degree 3, and eventually degree 4. However, no one was ever able to find a formula for the solutions to a polynomial with degree 5 or higher. Why not? What was preventing them from being able to plug in the (in this case, since there are 5 powers) formula_12 in formula_13 and get the answers? No one could find out why.

The music video was filmed in Joshua Tree, California by Tango Productions. It was directed by Cecilia Miniucchi, who directed most of Selena's music videos. Philip Holahan filmed the video, and Clayton Halsey edited the video after it was filmed. Filming began on February 6, 1994. The music video was released on all major Spanish-language television channels in America on Valentine's Day.
The music video begins with Selena running towards an open door in the desert. This symbolizes a new relationship. She then walks outwards from a wall, which shows videos of a couple who are in love. Selena begins singing the song while walking in the desert, with the wind blowing her hair around. She sings of how much she really wants to hear her boyfriend speak. The video then changes scenes to Selena at the open door dancing and singing along with the song. After Selena spins around once, she is seen looking out from a window, seeing herself and her boyfriend dancing. She tells him that their love should not be about money and that they should not worry about what their parents had told them. More love scenes are shown with Selena and her boyfriend laughing and enjoying each other's company. After telling him that their love should be based on how much they love each other, Selena looks at her reflection in a small puddle. While looking out from the window, Selena tells her boyfriend that she is poor and that her love is all she can give to him. The video ends with Selena and her boyfriend running away from the world and going into a new one together.

Grand Est (; Alsatian: "Grossa Oschta"; Moselle Franconian/; Rhine Franconian: "Groß Oschte"; ; ) is an administrative region in northeastern France. It was made from three former administrative regions, Alsace, Champagne-Ardenne, and Lorraine, on 1 January 2016 under the short-lived name of Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine (ACAL or ALCA) because of territorial reform which had been passed by the French law in 2014. The region sits along three water basins (Seine, Meuse and Rhine), spanning an area of , the 5th largest in France, and includes two mountain ranges (Vosges and Ardennes). It shares borders with Belgium, Luxembourg, Germany, and Switzerland, and stands partly within the European Megalopolis. The administrative capital and largest city, by far, is Strasbourg. The East of France has a interesting culture. It is between the Latin and Germanic areas, so many different languages spoken there (Alsatian, Champenois, Lorraine Franconian etc.). Most of today's Grand Est region was thought to be "Eastern" as early as the 8th century, when it owned the southern part of the Francian territory of Austrasia. The city of Reims , would later play a ceremonial role in French history as the traditional site of the coronation of the kings of France. The Champagne fairs played an important part in the economy of medieval Europe as well. Alsace and Lorraine did well in the influence of the Holy Roman Empire for most of the Middle Ages and Renaissance. The region is home to traditions (the celebration of Saint Nicholas Day, Christmas markets, or traditions involving the Easter hare in Alsace and Lorraine). Alsace-Moselle has to follow local law for historical reasons. With a long industrial history as well and its agriculture and tourism (arts, cuisine, sightseeing etc.), the East of France has one of the largest economic production levels in the country.

Dead's mental state began to take a turn for the worse due to his fascination with death and his social situation. Because of this, he would usually cut himself while performing on stage with either a broken bottle or a blade. Euronymous was fascinated with Dead's suicidal tendencies and would encourage Dead to kill himself often. Varg Vikernes sent shotgun shells to Dead in 1991. On 8 April 1991, In the house he shared with Euronymous, he slit his throat and wrists with a knife and then shot himself in the forehead with a shotgun. His suicide note said that he was sorry for shooting himself indoors and he ended the note with "Excuse all the blood". Euronymous returned home and had to climb through an open window because all the doors to the house were locked. He found Dead's body but before he called the police, he went to a nearby shop and bought a disposable camera which he used to photograph Dead's body after he moved around some of the items. He also kept some pieces of Dead's shattered skull. Hellhammer developed the pictures and Euronymous said that he would later destroy the pictures but he never did. He kept the pictures in an envelope at his record shop Helvete instead and sent one of the pictures to the owner of Warmaster Records which used the picture of Dead's body as the cover art for Mayhem's 1995 bootleg live album "Dawn of the Black Hearts". The other band members were disgusted at Euronymous' actions before and after Dead's death and Bassist Necrobutcher decided that he wasn't going to be friends with him anymore.

Over a flashback ten years prior, it is shown that Farhan joined the prestigious ICE in his first year of college, since his father (Parikshit Sahni) forced him to pursue engineering despite his passion for wildlife photography, and immediately befriended his hostel roommate, the god-fearing Raju, who comes from an impoverished family and is afraid of both failure and job. While being ragged by the senior students, Farhan and Raju befriend their third roommate, the carefree Rancho, who comes from a wealthy family and is passionate about experimenting with different scientific theories. Rancho's easygoing approach to education always results in him being at odds with the director of the ICE, Dr. Viru Sahastrabuddhe (Boman Irani), who believes in a strict and competitive education system and is nicknamed "Virus" by the ICE students. When a senior student named Joy Lobo (Ali Fazal) is denied graduation by Virus on grounds of failure to follow his project deadline, Rancho recreates Joy's project of a drone camera with the help of Farhan and Raju in an attempt to cheer him up. Unfortunately, Joy commits suicide by hanging in his room before he can see the drone camera come to life, provoking Rancho to confront Virus about the extreme pressure placed on the ICE students but is rudely rebuffed. One night, the hungry trio gatecrashes a marriage ceremony to enjoy the dinner and befriends Virus' younger daughter, Pia (Kareena Kapoor), only to later realise that the marriage is for Pia's older sister, Mona (Mona Singh). Although initially upset by Rancho's behaviour, Pia falls in love with him after Rancho pranks her shallow, materialistic boyfriend, Suhas Tandon (Sanjay Lafont), in an attempt to demonstrate his obsession about money and status. As a result, Pia breaks up with Suhas after he rebukes her for wearing an antique watch which belonged to her late mother.

At six years of age, Popeye began to fulfill his promise of taking his exercising more seriously and started devoting himself to fights with the local bullies, easily laying his foes among the geranium flowerbeds, always promising to do so and never breaking his word. With Popeye around, the local bullies did not need the aid of any pliers or doorknobs to get rid of those useless bicuspids thanks to Popeye's left-right to the jaw. As Popeye's notoriety grew among the children, he inadvertently became a factor for good in discouraging his fellow rough-dock kids from crapshooting, doing so by being too good at the game himself, as he always got 18 straight passes when he rolled the dice. Despite his love of crapshooting, Popeye would be forced to sell his beloved dice for the lead in them after his guardian Whaler Joe fell on tough times. One day, Popeye set out on a boat with nothing but a bent pin and a spool of thread in hopes of helping his guardian by catching whales for him. Unfortunately, upon reaching the whale pod, Popeye realized he was grievously ill-prepared against the giant sea beasts who thrashed about his little vessel as they let out a loud horselaugh, which made Popeye respond with a quick tempered "Blow me down, you-!"—but before he could finish, the whales suddenly stopped. It was then that the largest whale, deeply offended, got on little Popeye's vessel and sprayed him with a mighty jet of water. This action infuriated the young Popeye so heavily that his anger became pure strength; he quickly got back on his feet and punched whale with all his might, instantly killing the proud alpha and proceeded to take on the rest of the pod. A triumphant little Popeye then returned home with a nice string of whales for Whaler Joe that night.

Brazil faced Peru in the quarter finals. They won the game 4-2 and they defeated Teófilo Cubillas and Peru. Cubillas had almost personally led his team to the next round and had already scored four times in the first three matches. Both teams played attacking play, creating space for both Peru and Brazil, so it was a goal-rich game. After a quarter of an hour, Brazil was already 2-0 ahead. Uruguay then waited in the semifinals. Their national coach had noticed the important role of Gérson and decided to put a man on him during the game. The flowing game of the Brazilians was interrupted because Gérson was so tightly covered. He had come up with a way to solve this. He went deeper into the field so that his opponent had to go with him. In this way, Clodoaldo was given space to attack and scored the first goal for the Brazilians. In the second half, the Divine Canaries managed to score twice more to make it 3-1. Brazil reached the final, against Italy. They had qualified by booking a historic victory over West Germany in the semi-final. They played against the Brazilians with greats such as Giacinto Facchetti, Luigi Riva and Sandro Mazzola. In the 18th minute, Pelé opened the scoring to score Brazil's 100th World Cup goal, but Italy tied the score a short time later. The Brazilians then decided to give a little more gas in the second half and rolled over the Squadra Azzurri. After a goal from Gérson, goals from Jairzinho and Carlos Alberto Torres followed. The final score was 4-1. Almost everyone agreed that Gérson had been the Man of the Match and played a major role in winning the world title. Brazil became tri-campeão, three-time world champion, and was therefore allowed to keep the Jules Rimet Cup.

At school, Freak nearly dies when he chokes after eating American chop suey. Max alerts the nurse. Freak is taken to the hospital. Later, Grim reveals to Max that his father has been let out on parole. Throughout the story, it has been slowly revealed that Max's father killed his mother by strangling her, and that Grim and Gram hate him and are afraid of Max ending up like him. Max is shocked and scared by the news of his father's parole. Freak returns from the hospital and the two celebrate Christmas Eve together. After Christmas Eve, Max is woken up by his father, Killer Kane, who has come to kidnap him. After Max is kidnapped by his father, the two drive to Iggy Lee's apartment in the "New Testaments" (really tenements). Killer Kane is even bigger than Max and acts in a very threatening, intimidating manner towards everyone, including his son, who he keeps tied up. Killer Kane swears on the Bible that he did not murder Max's mother. He also reveals that he plans to head to "warmer weather" and be a con man. At night he leaves Max alone, tied up in a room in the apartment of an old lady on vacation. Loretta, shocked that Kane would do something like that to his own child, tries to help him escape. Killer Kane catches her and starts to strangle her. Max attempts to stop him and reveals that he witnessed his father kill his mother in the same fashion. Kane gives up on training Max to be his obedient assistant and tries to kill him, but Freak arrives just in time and saves Max by squirting Kane with a squirt gun he claims is filled with sulfuric acid when in fact, it is filled with soap, vinegar, and curry powder. The police are waiting outside, and Killer Kane goes back to prison, this time until he's an old man.

Simcoe got married to Elizabeth Posthuma Gwillim and he was elected to the House of Commons as a supporter of Prime Minister William Pitt the Younger. He supported banning the slave trade and having Warren Hastings removed from his position as Governor of India. He voted in favour of the Constitutional Act of 1791 which split Quebec into two provinces called Upper Canada and Lower Canada. He offered to lead the British in their war with Spain but instead he was named Lieutenant-Governor of Upper Canada. Because Simcoe wanted to abolish slavery a group of Upper Canadians sold a woman named Chloe Cooley to Americans and forcibly dragged her onto a boat to the United States of America. Simcoe was horrified by the Chloe Cooley Incident and used it to justify abolishing slavery. Simcoe said " The principles of the British Constitution are fundamentally at odds to that vile practice of slavery which Christianity condemns. When I assume the governorship of Upper Canada I shall never allow discrimination by dishonest practice against those of African, Indian or American descent." Because a number of people in the Legislative Assembly were slaveowners Simcoe wasn't able to ban slavery outright. Instead he issued An Act to Prevent the Further Introduction of Slaves also known as the Act to Limit Slavery which said that from now on one who was born in Upper Canada could not be born a slave and it became illegal to buy or sell slaves. Since there were not many slaves in Upper Canada Simcoe's law abolished slavery within his own lifetime. After that a lot of slaves fled the United States to Upper Canada where they would be free to escape giving rise to what became known as the Underground Railroad.

Machel Montano (born 24 November 1974) is a artist from Trinidad and Tobago. He is the lead of the soca band Xtatik. He had his first hit as a youth with "Too Young To Soca". He then won the 1987 Caribbean Song Festival.
Montano was born in Curepe (Northwestern Trinidad), and his family moved to Siparia, (Southwestern Trinidad), when he was very young.[6] He attended Siparia Boys' R.C., then Presentation College, a prestigious secondary school in San Fernando, where he was in the choir led by Mrs Cynthia Lee-Mac.[6] Machel first shot to fame as a nine-year-old boy with the song "Too Young To Soca" while he was still in primary school. In 1984, along with his older brother Marcus and neighbours, the group Pranasonic Express was started and, in 1989, the band became Xtatik. In April, 1986, at the age of 11, Montano appeared on the mainstream television show, Star Search.[7] In 1987, he took part in the Trinidad and Tobago National Song Writers Festival, and placed second with his song "Dream Girl". He also won the Caribbean Song Festival in Barbados. Such a win made Machel the first Trinidadian and youngest contestant to win this competition.
He is the front-man of the soca band The HD Family, and is noted for his high energy, fast-paced, and often unpredictable on-stage performances. In 1987 he was the youngest finalist to ever win the Caribbean Song Festival. His career spans more than 30 years.[2] He now stands as one of the most well-known soca acts in the world, using his leverage as an artist able to sell out shows.[3] Recently he has moved to the Los Angeles area[4] and furthered his pursuit, saying: "I may not be the one to bring it forth, but in the meantime, I have a lot of work to do in order for something to happen." He is very well known in New York City, where he has had sold out concerts in Madison Square Garden many times over.

His rivalry with Benjamin ended because Sheamus had already been moved to the Raw brand. He made his "Raw" debut by defeating Jamie Noble on 26 October. In the following weeks, he continued to attack Noble causing him to retire, and, in lieu of competition, assaulted the timekeeper and commentator Jerry Lawler on November 16 at Madison Square Garden. Sheamus won a "break-through" battle royal for wrestlers who had never won a world championship, to become the number one contender to John Cena's WWE Championship. At the contract signing immediately afterwards, Sheamus put Cena through the table as the Raw guest host Jesse Ventura announced it would be a Table match. On 13 December, at the pay-per-view, Sheamus defeated Cena to win the WWE Championship, his first championship in WWE, making him the first Irish-born WWE Champion. The following night on "Raw", Sheamus was awarded the 2009 Breakout Superstar of the Year Slammy Award. On 21 February, Sheamus lost the WWE Championship at the Elimination Chamber pay-per-view in the Elimination Chamber match after he was eliminated by Triple H. During the match, Sheamus suffered a concussion and as a result did not attend "Raw" the following night. Upon his return, he took revenge on Triple H with an attack to set up a match at WrestleMania XXVI that Sheamus lost. The following month at Extreme Rules, Sheamus attacked Triple H at the beginning of the show and later defeated him in a Street Fight. After a series of kicks to the head to win, he continued his assault after the match finished resulting in Triple H being written off television for ten months.
On 20 June, at the Fatal 4-Way pay-per-view, Sheamus won a fatal four-way match, following interference from The Nexus that allowed him to pin John Cena, thus winning the WWE Championship, and beginning his second World Championship reign. He went on to defeat Cena a third time in a steel cage match to retain the championship at the WWE Money in the Bank pay-per-view, and against Randy Orton at SummerSlam, which ended in disqualification, meaning that Sheamus retained his title. At Night of Champions, Sheamus was pinned by Randy Orton in a Six-Pack Elimination Challenge for the WWE Championship.

Holmes reveals his deductive reasoning: the warning note had a woman's perfume scent; the theft of the shoes gave a clue that the dog was real; Stapleton, who was a spiritual and physical throwback to Hugo Baskerville (Holmes noticed the resemblance to the family portraits); his real name was Rodger Baskerville Jr (his father was the youngest of the Baskerville brothers and had to flee England for Central America). After marring a local beauty Beryl Garcia, he had stolen public money and fled Central America to England in 1885 where he used the money to start a public school in Yorkshire. The tutor he had hired died of consumption and the school which Baskerville then tried to use to teach his pupils crime was forced to close after an epidemic killed three students. In 1887 He then fled to his ancestrial home in Devon with the remains of his fortune, his wife and his taste for Entomology; Holmes cannot prove it but he theorizes that Baskerville supported himself by burglaries and in the process committed a murder. When he found out that one life was between him and a valuable estate and that Sir Charles had both a weak heart and took the family legend seriously, he bought a large savage dog and hid it on the moor. He tricked Laura Lyons into writing the appointment note for Sir Charles and sent the dog, coated with phosphorous, after the old man who died of a heart attack. He tried the same trick on his cousin Henry twice-the first time however it was the convict wearing Henry clothing that fell victim. He had tied up his wife so she could not warn Sir Henry of the danger he was in. In Holmes words: Roger Baskerville aka Jack Stapleton has for years been a dangerous and desperate man and one of the few foes worthy of confronting Sherlock Holmes The others being Dr Grimesby Roylott and Professor Moriaty).

In 1920 Stravinsky’s family moved from Stravinsky to Brittany, then the following year they moved to Biarritz. Stravinsky composed a piece called "Symphonies for Wind Instruments". It was soon performed in London at a concert which also included "The Rite of Spring", conducted by Eugene Goossens in the Queen's Hall. He met a theatre designer called Serge Soudeikine and fell madly in love with Vera, who would later become his second wife. Meanwhile, his first wife, Katerina, was in a sanitorium suffering from tuberculosis. Vera and Stravinsky saw one another as much as possible for the next 18 years. Meanwhile, Stravinsky’s mother managed to get out of Russia and she joined Stravinsky’s family in Biarritz. Stravinsky had to support a large family, and he decided he needed to work more as a conductor and pianist instead of composing large works. He composed smaller pieces, including the piano version of three dances from "Petrouchka". Later, when his son was grown up, he composed a Concerto for two solo pianos for himself to play with his son. He did not compose any more for the Ballets Russes, but he did compose "Oedipus rex" as a special tribute to them. This work was a mixture of opera and oratorio. The words were in Latin and were written by Jean Cocteau. It was performed as a concert performance. Although he did not write for Diaghilev any more, he accepted an invitation from Ida Rubinstein to write a ballet called "Le baiser de la fée" ("The fairy’s kiss") which was based on music by Tchaikovsky. Diaghilev was annoyed, but then he died in 1929 and the Ballets Russes company no longer carried on.

After rising to army command early in 1917, Hutier began to apply the lessons learned from his three years of commanding troops, along with his study of tactics used by other armies. He devised a new strategy for the Germans to break the stalemate of trench warfare. These tactics were to prove so successful in 1917 and 1918 that the French dubbed them "Hutier tactics", although the more commonly used term today is "infiltration tactics".
In the Spring Offensive of 1918 the first of five parts was called Michael. At the beginning on 21 March 1918, they took three armies, for a total of 42 divisions. The aim was to break through the salient at the junction point between the French forces (south) and the English (north), with operations between Bapaume and Saint Simon, intending to then create a wedge between the two contingents, pushing the British Expeditionary Force out towards the sea. On the first day the defensive lines were already smashed against both Allies, and the Germans completely succeeded in advancing 65 kilometers long into a salient of approximately 80 km. In their sweeping advance the German troops met greater resistance against the English than the French. But although the Germans were successful at first, after a few days the German offensive was suddenly exhausted, and beginning March 27, when the French began to engage their strategic reserve near Amiens, the Germans had no more substantial territorial gain. So the Germans failed to achieve a strategically important victory, and indeed, it had lengthened the battle line and created a salient exposed to Allied counter-offensives.

When the ECW brand was discontinued, Tatsu made his debut for the Raw brand on the February 22, 2010 edition of Raw, and teamed up with Evan Bourne and Kofi Kingston defeating The Legacy (Randy Orton, Ted DiBiase, and Cody Rhodes), after Orton turned on his tag team partners. Tatsu also competed in his first Wrestlemania where he won a 26-Man battle royal dark match which opened WrestleMania XXVI by last eliminating Zack Ryder. After that, Tatsu mainly appeared on WWE Superstars. In July 2010, Tatsu was involved in a few backstage brawls with The Nexus to try and help John Cena get rid of them, which he failed to do and got beaten down backstage. Tatsu then went to Japan to promote the new WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011 video game along with Maryse and after months of not appearing on WWE television he returned on the November 11 episode of WWE Superstars where he defeated Zack Ryder. On the November 29 episode of Raw, Tatsu teamed with Mark Henry and defeated the WWE Tag Team Champions Justin Gabriel and Heath Slater, after a distraction by John Cena. A week later, Tatsu and Henry had received a shot at the titles in a Fatal-4-Way type Elimination Tag Team match, which also included The Usos and Santino Marella and Vladimir Kozlov but were the first ones eliminated. Tastu has since formed a team with former Nexus member Darren Young but lost twice on WWE Superstars to The Usos. Tatsu has been teaming with David Hart Smith on Superstars where they beat the team of Primo and Zack Ryder.

The porous material will not allow larger molecules to pass so these molecules go to the next pore and again they cannot pass. They eventually get to the bottom of the column and exit the column. Remember there is volume inside the column that is not inhabited by the stationary phase which allows for the flow of both the mobile phase and the sample. These larger molecules then find themselves at the bottom of the column whereas smaller molecules have a longer path to travel. Smaller molecules can pass through a pore and then pass through another one. The smaller a molecule is, the greater the chance is that it can fit into a pore which means the longer it spends inside the column.
Notice the graph is logarithmic not linear. There at two distinct positions on the curve the exclusion limit and the permeation limit. The exclusion limit defines the maximum molecular weight that can enter a pore, while the permeation limit signifies the minimum molecular weight to enter a pore. The curve itself is called the permeation region and this provides a range of molecular weights which could be found in the experiment. Retention time, how long the component spends in the column, is plotted against molecular weight. The peaks located in Figures 1 and 2 are similar to peaks liquid or gas chromatography readout. Normally peaks found in liquid or gas chromatography indicates how many components are in a mixture if the number of components is unknown and the relative amount of each component in the mixture within a given range. In the case of SEC these peaks indicate the relative amount of each component (based on molecular weight) within the permeation region.

Shivaji Maharaj intended to capture as much of Adilshahi province and forts as possible. He captured the Adilshah forts of Panhala, Vasantgad, and Khelna. He renamed Khelna as Vishalgad. In 1660, to check the rapid progress of Shivaji Maharaj, the Adilshah sent Siddi Jauhar, the Sardar of Karnul region, with a large army against him. The Adilshah gave Siddi the title of ‘Salabatkhan’. Shivaji Maharaj took shelter in the Panhala fort. Siddi’s soldiers laid siege to the fort for about five months. Shivaji Maharaj was trapped inside the fort. Netaji Palkar made attempts to raise the siege by attacking Siddi’s army from outside. But Siddi showed no signs of relenting. Shivaji Maharaj opened overtures with him. This led to slackness in the siege around Panhalgad. Shivaji Maharaj escaped and went to Vishalgad. Siddi Jauhar’s army followed him. Shivaji Maharaj put Baji Prabhu Deshpande at the foot of Vishalgad and gave him the responsibility of stopping the Siddi’s army. Baji Prabhu Deshpande checked Siddi’s army at the Ghod pass near Gajapur. Baji Prabhu died a hero’s death in this battle. While going to Vishalgad, Shivaji Maharaj also crushed the opposition of the Adilshahi sardars- Dalvi of Palawan and Surve of Shringarpur. Maharaj reached Vishalgad safely. While Shivaji Maharaj was trapped at Panhala, the Mughal army had invaded the Swaraj. Shivaji Maharaj realized that it would not be prudent to fight two enemies at the same time. Therefore Shivaji Maharaj entered into a treaty with the Adilshah. As per the treaty, he returned the fort of Panhala to the Adilshah.

The first firearms can be dated to about the 1200s in China. In Europe, the first gun barrels were made by p Italian craftsmen. But gunsmithing was new in the Middle Ages. For a long time they did not have their own guilds and many joined blacksmiths’ guilds. By the mid-1400s, there were enough gunsmiths to form their own guilds. One of the first was in 1463 in Suhl, Germany. England did not develop gunsmiths as quickly as other European countries and to change this, King Henry VIII invited leading gunsmiths in Europe to come live and work in England. Many accepted and not long afterwards more gun shops began appearing in England. Several appeared in London near the Tower of London, which held the country's stockpile of guns. Soon they were training English citizens in this new trade.
Before the American Revolutionary War in the American colonies, gunsmithing was a time-consuming process. Gunsmiths were generally gun makers who repaired their own weapons for their customers. These gunmakers came to the American colonies along with other craftsmen from England, and later from Germany and Switzerland. These were countries with long histories of gun making. Gunsmiths learned their trade by becoming an apprentice to an established gunsmith or gun maker. They worked from their adolescence into early adulthood before they could open a shop of their own. Handguns were relatively cheap and were made in large shops in England. So American gunsmiths repaired and modified imported pistols. However, muskets and rifles were not imported as much and local gunsmiths would custom make these for their customers. Their work included carving stocks, engraving metal pieces, and forging gun barrels. It could take as many as 400 hours to create guns by hand. Soon entirely new guns were created such as the Pennsylvania rifle (later called the "Kentucky rifle"). This was the product of German gunsmiths who immigrated to Pennsylvania in the early 18th century. It was lighter, longer and more accurate than European designs. The rifle soon became the favorite of colonial settlers and Frontiersmen.

Patrick is as a pink starfish who is silly, fat, lazy, immature, forgetful, rude, and generally ignorant. He has been shown to make many silly mistakes such as forgetting how to eat, and not realizing that the character Sandy Cheeks is a girl. But, he sometimes is shown to overly observe particular events happening around him. At those moments, he would focus on very specific objects or details that other characters would usually ignore. However, he always quickly turns back to his usual, silly self after. He does not have a job. But, he worked at the Krusty Krab for short periods of time in many positions (often was not paid), and mostly spends his days either goofing off with SpongeBob or resting beneath the rock. He lives under the rock. At home, Patrick is usually either sleeping (stuck to the bottom of his rock), watching TV (whether the TV is actually on or not), or doing the "art of doing nothing." He is very good at that. All of the furniture under his rock are made of sand, and Patrick can simply build new furniture as needed. But even so, his living space contains only the most basic things. His best friend SpongeBob is often impressed by Patrick's ability to come up with silly yet genius plans or solutions. But, Patrick often irritates those around him and is confused by the simplest questions or subjects. The characters of Mr. Krabs and Squidward Tentacles have no patience for Patrick's stupidity. They don't pay him much regard. Sandy Cheeks often gets annoyed by Patrick, but still sees him as a friend.

Ernesto Lazzatti was born on September 25, 1915 in Ingeniero White, a neighborhood of Bahía Blanca, in the province of Buenos Aires. He started playing football at Puerto Comercial, a club based in Bahía Blanca, where he was spotted by scouts from the capital's Boca Juniors. The Juniors signed Ernesto Lazzatti as a professional player in 1934. The midfielder spent the next thirteen years with Boca Juniors, making 379 league appearances, scoring sixteen goals, he made an outstanding midfield line with Carlos Sosa and Natalio Pescia. In his first season with the club from the working-class district of La Boca, Lazzatti won the Argentine championship. In the 1934 Primera División, Boca Juniors were in first place at the end of all matchdays, one point ahead of Independiente Avellaneda. The following year, they were able to defend this championship, this time three points separated Boca from their main rivals Independiente. It took five years until 1940 for Boca Juniors and Ernesto Lazzatti to win the Argentine championship again. Again ahead of Independiente, they finished first in the Primera División, which meant Ernesto Lazzatti's third championship with Boca Juniors. With El Pibe de Oro, Lazzatti's nickname, which Diego Maradona was also given decades later, Boca Juniors were successful again in the 1943 season. They finished first in the Primera División, one point ahead of defending champions CA River Plate. And a year later, Ernesto Lazzatti won his fifth and final league title in a Boca Juniors shirt. This time, they left River Plate behind by two points.

The Durrani Afghan forces and their allies finally won and defeated the Marathas. The place of battle field is disputed by historians, but most of them are in favour of Horiana in Punjab region not far away from Delhi. The Marathas dug a trench which was three kilometres long and four hundred metres wide. Ahmad Shah Durrani showed his shrewdness by grounding pretended tents behind which there was a four kilometres long curtain. Behind the banner of curtain Ahmad Shah Durrani dug four kilometres long and twenty feet wide canals. By extracting mud from the channel a five feet high, twenty feet wide and four kilometres long road was made behind which Afghan riflemen took safe positions targeting advancing Maratha soldiers. Durrani laid his short range movable cannons on the backs of camels behind the road from which cannon fire could target the advancing Maratha soldiers over the heads of his own forces. There were four feeder roads one kilometre away from each other on which Afgan horsemen could come down to the battle field and if needed could retreat behind the shadow of the five feet high covering road. These four feeder roads were short, narrow and sloping to the battle field. Durrani tried to bait Maratha troops to advance and Marathas stepped into this trap. Afghan riflemen and short range cannons fired onto the Maratha Army and Marathas began to fall one after another. In the final stage of battle Durrani's left flank and right flank came down to battle field surrounding Maratha forces on three sides. Holker left the battle field realizing it was lost and Marathas almost lost their ground in the battle leaving the chief Sadashivrorao Bhaou encircled by his bodyguards in the midst of the battle field. Front troops of Durrani did not further advance fearing cannon fire of the Marathas'. Under the cover of these French made cannon 15,000 Maratha forces managed to flee leaving their chief vulnerable.

Upon arriving in England in June 1858, Morphy promptly challenged Staunton to a match. At first, Staunton declined Morphy's offer saying that the challenge came too late. Morphy did not give up negotiations and urging Staunton to play. In early July Staunton agreed provided he was given time to get back into practice, and provided that he could manage all this without breaking the publication contract for his Shakespearean work. In early August, Morphy wrote asking Staunton when the match could occur, and Staunton asked again for a delay of some weeks. Just before Staunton left London for Birmingham, his old enemy George Walker published an article accusing him of trying to delay the match indefinitely, and Staunton received another letter from Morphy pressing him to name a date for the match. Staunton and Morphy met socially in Birmingham and, after a tense discussion, Staunton agreed to play in early November. In September the "Illustrated London News" printed both a complimentary full-page article about Morphy and a complimentary mention of him in its chess column. On 6 October 1858, while in Paris Morphy wrote Staunton an open letter which was also circulated to several publications, in which Morphy complained about Staunton's conduct. Staunton replied on 9 October, re-stating the difficulties he faced, but now giving them as reasons to cancel the match. On 23 October, Staunton published his entire reply along with a partial copy of Morphy's open letter. The main criticism against Staunton was never his failure to play Morphy. As Lord Lyttleton put it in a letter to Morphy:

Every year the academy in Paris would hold a big exhibition (art show) called the "Salon de Paris". In 1863 an artist called Edouard Manet put a picture into the show called "Lunch on the Grass" ("Le déjeuner sur l'herbe"). The judges at the Salon refused to hang this work in the gallery because it showed a naked woman sitting on the grass with two men wearing clothes. If the painting had been about Ancient Greek mythology, this would not be a problem but these men were wearing ordinary suits, and the woman's dress and hat were lying on the grass. Perhaps she was a prostitute! The judges said that the painting was indecent (very rude). Monet and his friends also had their paintings turned away. They were angry and they met with Manet to discuss this. The Emperor Napoleon III gave permission for another exhibition called the "Salon des Refusés" which showed all the pictures that had been "refused". Many people went to see this exhibition and soon discovered that there was a new "movement" in art, quite different from the style that they were used to. 
In 1872 Monet and his friends formed a society called the ""Cooperative and Anonymous Association of Painters, Sculptors, and Engravers"". They began to organize their own art show. In 1874 thirty artists held their first exhibition. The critic Louis Leroy made fun of their work and wrote an article called "The Exhibition of the Impressionists". The public who came to the exhibition also began to use this name. The painters themselves soon started to use the name "Impressionists" and they have been called by that name ever since. They had eight exhibitions between 1874 and 1886. They paid a dealer called Paul Durand-Ruel to organise exhibitions, and he arranged shows in London and New York. Bit by bit, their paintings became popular. Some of the Impressionists, Monet and Renoir, lived to be old and famous, but others died very poor. The main artists who are called "Impressionists" include Claude Monet, Auguste Renoir, Paul Cézanne, Camille Pissarro, Alfred Sisley, Edgar Degas, Berthe Morisot, Armand Guillaumin, Mary Cassatt, Gustave Caillebotte and Frederic Bazille.

In 1116 Louis IV raided into Normandy again. Louis had supported Henry I's nephew, William Clito as the Duke of Normandy. By 1117 King Louis IV of France, Count Baldwin VII of Flanders and Fulk V of Anjou were all supporting William Clito against Henry I of England. The next summer Henry I returned to Normandy and the war began. Fulk V defeated Henry I at La Motte-Gautier on the border of Maine. In October 1118 Fulk V again defeated Henry I at Alençon. Finally, after a series of defeats Henry I made peace with Fulk V. They sealed their truce by allowing the marriage of Fulk's daughter Matilda with Henry's son William William Adelin. Fulk V gave Maine as a dowry for his daughter Matilda. In 1120 Fulk V then made a pilgrimage to the Holy Land. He spent a year at Jerusalem. According to Orderic Vitalis he joined the Knights Templar. When he returned to Anjou Fulk left 100 knights behind for a year to help defend the Kingdom. He continued to pay the Templars a substantial yearly donation for the rest of his life.
Fulk le Jeune returned to Anjou in early 1121. He learned that William Adelin, his new son-in-law William had drowned in the shipwreck of the White Ship. The treaty with Anjou then died with Henry's son. Fulk's daughter Matilda was safe; she had not been on the White ship. Fulk demanded her return to Anjou. But Henry delayed her return and kept part of her dowry. By 1122 she was back in Anjou. Fulk broke off all relations with Henry and made another marriage alliance with Henry's nephew and enemy, William Clito. William was to marry Fulk's daughter Sibyl. He again gave his new son-in-law the lordship of Maine as her dowry. As Henry dealt with his rebel Norman barons one by one, by 1124 Fulk V was William Clito's only supporter. Henry now did everything he could to get the pope to annul the marriage between William Clito and Sibyl. On 26 August 1124 Pope Calixtus II annulled the marriage of William Clito and Sibyl because they were too closely related.

Being a complex man as a policy maker, many Koreans continue to hold Park in high regard in great part due to the industrial and economic growth experienced by South Korea under his presidency. But there are also many who condemn him for the brutality of his dictatorship and for his service to the Japanese army during World War II. Today, Park's critics deplore the widespread human rights abuses in South Korea during his rule. However, his supporters argue that the human rights abuse accusation is mostly fabricated or exaggerated. One example of his many abuses was the kidnapping of opposition activist Kim Tae Jung. Around noon of August 8, 1973, Kim was attended a meeting with the leader of the Democratic Unification Party in the Room 2212 of the Hotel Grand Palace in Tokyo. At around 13:19, Kim was abducted by a group of unidentified agents as he walked out of the room after the meeting. He was then taken into the empty Room 2210 where he was drugged and became unconscious. Later Kim was moved to Osaka and later to Seoul, South Korea. Kim was later quoted as saying that a weight had been attached to his feet aboard the boat heading toward Korea, indicating that the kidnappers had intended to drown him by throwing him into the sea. They were, however, forced to abandon this plan as the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force began a pursuit of the kidnappers' boat. Later, Kim was released in Busan. He was found alive at his house in Seoul five days after the kidnapping. According to some reports U.S. Ambassador Philip Habib intervened with the South Korean government to save Kim's life.

On July 20, 2013, Rodger, wanting to lose his virginity days before his 22nd birthday, drank vodka to become drunk. He went to a party hoping to talk to girls. Unable to talk to girls, Rodger became angry and climbed onto a 10-foot ledge and pretended to shoot people at the party with his finger. He then tried to push several women off the ledge, but a group of men stopped him by pushing him off instead, causing him to break his ankle. After the fall, Rodger went back toward the party to look for his sunglasses but was so drunk that he ended up getting into another altercation in front of a different house. The day after, two sheriff's deputies visited him in the hospital to ask about the fights. Rodger told them he had been pushed off the ledge after calling someone "ugly" and claimed that after the fight, he walked to a nearby front yard and sat down in a chair. He stated that he was attacked by about 10 men who kicked and punched him. Rodger was hurt on his arms, elbows, hands, face, and left ankle. He told police he did not know why he was attacked or called names. He also said he did not call the police because he did not know who to call. A deputy noted that Rodger was too "timid" and "shy" to say what really happened. A witness said a man like Rodger began the fight by trying to push two women off a ledge. They didn't fall, but Rodger tried to push two more before he jumped off the ledge and ran. The witness noted Rodger was alone, acted oddly, and wasn't talking to anyone at the party. After arriving at his apartment, a neighbor observed Rodger returning home in tears, swearing to kill those who attacked him and contemplated suicide. Rodger disclosed in his manifesto that this event was the decisive moment that propelled him to finalize his plans for the attack. The sheriff's office concluded Rodger had started the fight, and the investigation was closed without further action. They did not arrest Rodger or interrogate him further.

The GC-MS is made up of two major building blocks: the gas chromatograph and the mass spectrometer. The gas chromatograph uses a capillary column which depends on the column's dimensions (length, diameter, film thickness) as well as the phase properties (e.g. 5% phenyl polysiloxane). The difference in the chemical properties between different molecules in a mixture will separate the molecules as the sample travels the length of the column. The molecules take different amounts of time (called the retention time) to come out of (elute from) the gas chromatograph. This allows the mass spectrometer downstream to capture, ionize, accelerate, deflect, and detect the ionized molecules separately. The mass spectrometer does this by breaking each molecule into ionized fragments and detecting these fragments using their mass to charge ratio.
These two machines, used together, allow a much finer precision of substance identification than either unit used separately. It is not possible to make an accurate identification of a particular molecule by gas chromatography or mass spectrometry alone. The mass spectrometry process normally requires a very pure sample. In the past, gas chromatography use other detectors such as a Flame Ionization Detector. These detectors cannot separate different molecules that happen to take the same amount of time to travel through the column. (When two different molecules have the same retention time they are said to "co-elute".) The co-eluting molecules will confuse the computer programs that are reading a single mass spectrum for both molecules.

First of all, right pass is the most important requirement to be a good point guard. A point guard's first thought should be being an excellent passer and getting the ball to his teammates for easy shots. Because the offense is usually started from a point guard who handles the ball, he should be able to find the open man, and when to pass and not pass to avoid costly turnovers and score easily.
Second, safe dribbling and ball handling are necessary. Before a point guard passes the ball to his teammates, he should carry the ball from back court to front court. To carry the ball safely without turnovers, it is important to know how to control the ball safely. And by controlling the ball safely, a point guard also can control the tempo of the game. The ability, controlling the tempo, make a point guard choose right way to offense, a fast-break or a slow-attack. Through choosing right strategy, a point guard can make chance at the right time and also save his teammate's stamina effectively. 
Third, a point guard is a coach on the court. To command proper strategy to his teammates, a point guard should understand all strategies which are commanded by his coach. This ability may help a point guard to play the game well with the right strategy at right time.
Lastly, a point guard should be a good shooter. Sometimes the game can be unfavorable, even a point guard pass well and play the game with right strategy. At this time his accurate shooting can be an escapeway from this situation. By announcing his ability to shooting accurately, a point guard can plant an awareness to opponents that they should defense him well. And it cause the decreasing of pressure to other teammates to offense. Like this, a point guard's shooting ability can be the option to offense effectively.

In 1988 he became one of the four "Jagadguru Ramanandacharyas", the leaders of the Ramananda order. He is the founder of Tulsi Peeth which is a religious and social service organization. It is in Chitrakuta. It is named after the saint Tulsidas. He is the founder and lifelong chancellor of the Jagadguru Rambhadracharya Handicapped University. It is a university in Chitrakuta and it gives graduate and postgraduate courses entirely to the four types of disabled students, having a poor physical or mental ability. Jagadguru Rambhadracharya became blind at the age of two months. He has never used Braille or any other help to learn or compose. He can speak 22 languages, and he is a self-produced poet ("Ashukavi"). He is a composer in Sanskrit, Hindi, Avadhi, Maithili and many other languages. He has written more than 80 books, which include four story telling poems (two in Sanskrit and two in Hindi), a Hindi series of comments on the Ramcharitmanas, a Sanskrit series of comments on the Ashtadhyayi, and a Sanskrit series of comments on the "Prasthanatrayi" religious books (the Brahma Sutra, the Bhagavad Gita and the main Upanishads). He is seen as one of the greatest sources of information on Tulsidas in India, and he is the editor of a critical edition of the Ramcharitmanas. He is a famous Katha artist for the Ramayana and the Bhagavata. His Katha programmes are held regularly in different cities in India and in other countries. They are shown on many television channels like Sanskar TV and Sanatan TV.

The sex organs or genitals are used for sexual reproduction and for sexual intercourse. For sexual reproduction to happen, a man and a woman need to have sexual intercourse with each other. A man's penis becomes erect when he is aroused, for example when he sees a naked woman or is touched by her. When a woman is aroused, her clitoris and vulva also swell, and the inside of her vagina produces mucus, a substance that makes it slippery. To reproduce, the man places his penis inside the woman's vagina and moves it in and out (a movement called thrusting), while the woman moves her hips back and forth or in a circular motion. The friction caused by this movement, together with the warmth and pressure of the vagina, causes the man to have pleasurable feelings in the penis. As intercourse continues, these feelings grow stronger and stronger until the man reaches a sexual climax called an orgasm. At this point, the man's penis spasms and then contracts strongly again and again to push semen through the urethra. The semen then ejaculates or shoots out from the end of the penis into the woman's vagina. The woman may also have an orgasm, which causes the vagina to tense up and relax repeatedly. Scientists are not sure why women have orgasms. Some believe that the orgasm helps the sperm in the man's semen to swim up the vagina into the cervix so that it is more likely that a sperm cell will fuse with an egg cell. Others think that the female orgasm causes the vagina to grip the penis more tightly, which makes sex more exciting for the man and causes him to ejaculate more quickly or to produce more semen; or that it encourages a woman to have sex more often as it feels good. Both of these events would make pregnancy more likely to happen. After the man has ejaculated, the blood flows out of his penis and it becomes smaller and soft again.

Catholics, like many Christians, accept the Nicene Creed, a combination of the Council of Nicaea (AD 325) and the later Council of Constantinople (AD 382) as true. It is as follows:
"I believe in one God, the Father Almighty, Maker of heaven and earth, of all things visible and invisible. I believe in one Lord Jesus Christ, the only-begotten Son of God, born of the Father before all ages, God from God, Light from Light, true God from true God, begotten, not made, consubstantial with the Father. Through Him all things were made. For us men and our salvation He came down from heaven: and, by the Holy Spirit, was incarnate of the Virgin Mary, and became man. For our sake, He was crucified under Pontius Pilate; He suffered death and was buried and rose again on the third day in accordance with the Scriptures: He ascended into heaven and is seated at the right hand of the Father. He will come again in glory to judge the living and the dead, and His kingdom will have no end. I believe in the Holy Spirit, the Lord, the giver of life, who proceeds from the Father and the Son, Who, with the Father and the Son, is adored and glorified, Who has spoken through the Prophets. I believe in one, holy, catholic, and apostolic Church. I confess one baptism for the forgiveness of sins and I look forward to the resurrection of the dead, and the life of the world to come. Amen."
Eastern Orthodox and Protestants believe many of the same things. They sometime disagree on the role of the Virgin Mary and other saints, on what a priest can do, and on how exactly God should be worshipped, among other things.

Stresemann was not, however, in any sense pro-French. His main preoccupation was how to free Germany from the burden of reparations payments to Britain and France, imposed by the Treaty of Versailles. His strategy for this was to forge an economic alliance with the United States. The U.S. was Germany's main source of food and raw materials, and one of Germany's largest export markets for manufactured goods. Germany's economic recovery was thus in the interests of the U.S., and gave the U.S. an incentive to help Germany escape from the reparations burden. The Dawes and Young plans were the result of this strategy. Stresemann had a close relationship with Herbert Hoover, who was Secretary of Commerce in 1921-28 and President from 1929. This strategy worked remarkably well until it was derailed by the Great Depression after Stresemann's death.
During his period in the foreign ministry, Stresemann came more and more to accept the Republic, which he had at first rejected. By the mid-1920s, having contributed much to a (temporary) consolidation of the feeble democratic order, Stresemann was regarded as a "Vernunftrepublikaner" (republican by reason) - someone who accepted the Republic as the least of all evils, but was in their heart still loyal to the monarchy. The conservative opposition criticized him for supporting the republic and fulfilling too willingly the demands of the Western powers. Along with Matthias Erzberger and others, he was attacked as an "Erfüllungspolitiker" ("fulfillment politician").

Analysts for the video game market considered 2009 to be critical to further success of the genre. Both the "Guitar Hero" and "Rock Band" franchises expanded in this year with new games on other gaming platforms including handheld gaming devices and mobile phones and with titles targeted towards specific genres or demographics, such as "Band Hero" for pop music and "Lego Rock Band" for younger players. Sales of music games were down in the first half of the year, though part was attributed to fewer purchases of the instrument controllers which players had already purchased and could reuse for other games. Analysis had expected that United States sales of "Guitar Hero 5" and "" would be high the actual sales numbers were lower by nearly half of the projections. Though signs of the impact of the late-2000s recession on the video game markets were considered a factor in lower sales, it was also taken as a sign of the waning popularity of the titles, now considered to be saturating the market. As a result projections for sales of "DJ Hero", a spinoff of "Guitar Hero" published by Activision, were reduced from 1.6 million units in the first quarter of sales in the United Sates to only 600,000. Further contributing to the decline is the lack of innovation as they have not changed their basic play model. Total sales of rhythm games, $1.4 billion in 2008, reached only $700 million in 2009, with analysts predicting the market will settle at the same "healthy" $500–600 million level seen by the "Call of Duty" series.

Around 850, Saint Altfrid founded the "Damenstift", an abbey for women, ruled by a prince abbess. In this time the cathedral of Essen was built. In those days the name of the city was "Assindia" in Latin. Later it changed over "Essendia" and "Essend" to "Essen". 1377 Essen became a "free imperial city". At this time, Essen was just a small city in a region where few people lived. The city became more important when the Industrial Revolution began. In 1811, "Friedrich Krupp" founded a small steel factory in Essen which was fast growing. The city population also grew, and 80 years after the foundation of Krupp's steel work, Essen was a big city with 100,000 inhabitants. Because in the region of the Ruhr River much coal was found, many coal mines were founded in Essen and other near cities. Great industrial families like the "Krupp"s, the "Haniel"s and the "Grillo"s gave money for cultural buildings like the Grillo theatre and the Folkwang museum. Because of its big industry, Essen was destroyed with bombs in the Second World War. Many people gave their lives, and many buildings were destroyed. Not all were rebuilt after WW2. But because the coal mining industry ended mining in Essen in the 1970s (coal from abroad was getting cheaper), the city was getting poor. The "Strukturwandel" (structural change) saved Essen. Old collieries like "Zeche Zollverein" became museums or theatres. In 2003, the universities of Essen and Duisburg joined as the university Duisburg-Essen.
In 2010 Essen was "Kulturhauptstadt Europas" (European Capital of Culture) together with Istanbul and Pécs in Hungary.

Late in the afternoon, a "Yorktown" scout aircraft located "Hiryū". "Enterprise" launched a strike of dive bombers (including 10 SBDs from "Yorktown"). Despite "Hiryū" being defended by more than a dozen Zero fighters, the attack by "Enterprise" was successful: four, possibly five bombs hit "Hiryū", leaving her on fire and unable to operate aircraft. ("Hornet"s strike aimed at the escort ships but it did not get any hits.) After hopeless attempts to control the fire, most of the crew remaining on "Hiryū" were taken off the ship. The rest of the fleet continued sailing northeast to catch the American carriers. "Hiryū" stayed afloat for several more hours. She was discovered by an aircraft from the light carrier "Hōshō". This led to hopes she could be saved or towed back to Japan. However, soon after being spotted, "Hiryū" sank. Rear Admiral Yamaguchi chose to go down with his ship, costing Japan her best carrier officer.
As darkness fell, both sides thought about the situation and made plans for action. Admiral Fletcher had to abandon the "Yorktown". He felt he could not command from a cruiser. He gave command to Spruance. Spruance knew the United States had won a great victory, but he was still unsure of what Japanese forces remained. He wanted to protect Midway and his carriers. He followed Nagumo during the day and continued to follow as night fell. Finally, fearing a possible night battle with Japanese ships and believing Yamamoto still intended to invade, Spruance pulled back to the east. He turned back west towards the enemy at midnight. Yamamoto decided to continue the attacks and sent his remaining ships searching eastward for the American carriers. He also sent a cruiser raiding force to bomb the island. The Japanese ships failed to make contact with the Americans due to Spruance's decision to pull back eastward, and Yamamoto ordered a withdrawal to the west.

England made their first appearance in a big women's tournament in 1984, where they finished as runners-up in the European Championship. They also qualified for the Women's World Cup for the first time in 1995. The best they had done in the tournament before was coming in third place in 2015. Before the tournament, the Lionesses had achieved some important victories. They won their first big trophy at the Women's Euro 2022, which they hosted. They also beat Brazil, who had won the Copa América Femenina, in the first ever Women's Finalissima match, played at Wembley. Under manager Sarina Wiegman, they had only lost one match, which was a friendly against Australia. They were ranked fourth in the FIFA Women's World Ranking. In their group, Group D, they had teams like Haiti, Denmark, and China. In the first two games of the tournament, England won 1–0 against both Haiti and Denmark. Georgia Stanway scored a penalty in one match, and Lauren James scored a goal in the other. Needing only a draw in their last group game, England defeated China 6–1, with Lauren James scoring two goals. In the round of 16, England faced Nigeria, who finished second in their group. The match was tough, and England struggled against Nigeria. Lauren James got a yellow card and was later shown a red card after a VAR check. After a goalless 120 minutes, the match went to a penalty shootout. England won the shootout 4–2, with Georgia Stanway missing a penalty but Nigeria missing two. In the next round, England played against Colombia, who had never reached the quarter-finals before. After Colombia scored, England equalised through Lauren Hemp before the first half ended. A goal from Alessia Russo in the 63rd minute secured England's place in the semi-finals against Australia. In the semi-finals, England played against co-hosts Australia. Ella Toone scored first for England, but Australia equalised through Sam Kerr. Lauren Hemp and Alessia Russo scored to help England reach their first Women's World Cup final.

In the North, the commander of "1. Kavalleriedivision", Major General Kurt Feldt, had to go over the Enclosure Dike because of a lack of ships. The main fortifications contained 47 mm antitank-guns. There was no cover for any attacker. On 13 May the position was reinforced by a 20 mm anti aircraft battery. It had been Feldt's intention to destroy the position by mortars, but the train transporting it had been blocked on 10 May by a blown railway bridge at Winschoten. Several air attacks on 13 May had little effect. In the late afternoon five sections tried to attack under cover of an artillery bombing, but soon fled after being fired upon. In the East the Germans tried to attack the Grebbe Line by using the other division of X. AK, "227. Infanteriedivision". The line was in this area defended by the Dutch 2nd Infantry Division. Two German regiments were to attack. The "366. Infanterieregiment" was hit by Dutch artillery fire and had to withdraw. This led to the failure of the attack by "227 Infanteriedivision". 
On the south of the Grebbe Line, the Grebbeberg, the Germans were now using three SS battalions. During the evening and night of 12–13 May the Dutch had a dozen However, not all of these units could be put together to attack the main line. This Dutch attack was delayed for several hours. When it started in the morning of 13 May, it ran into an attack by two battalions of "Der Fuehrer". A fight followed in which the Dutch were beaten by the SS troops. Soon this resulted in withdrawal of the brigade. The Dutch lost when the Grebbeberg area was bombed by 27 Ju 87 Stukas. "207. Infanteriedivision" was sent into battle at the Grebbeberg. The first German attackers were stopped with serious losses. A second attack managed to get past the trench line, which then was captured after heavy fighting.

In December 1997, Aardman and DreamWorks (later DreamWorks Animation) announced that their companies were teaming up to co-finance and distribute "Chicken Run", Aardman's first feature film, which had already been in pre-production for a year. On 27 October 1999, Aardman and DreamWorks signed a $250 million deal to make an additional four films that were estimated to be completed during the next 12 years. Along with the deal their first project was announced, titled "The Tortoise and the Hare". Intended to be based on Aesop's fable and directed by Richard Goleszowski, it was paused two years later because of the script problems. On 23 June 2000, "Chicken Run" was released to a great critical and financial success. In 2005, after ten years of absence, Wallace and Gromit returned in Academy Award-winning "The Curse of the Were-Rabbit". The following year "Flushed Away", Aardman's first computer-animated feature, was released.
Logo used from 1998 until 2022
On 1 October 2006, right before the release of "Flushed Away", "The New York Times" reported that due to creative differences DreamWorks Animation and Aardman would not be extending their contract. The deal was officially terminated on 30 January 2007. According to an Aardman spokesperson: "The business model of DreamWorks no longer suits Aardman and vice versa. But the split couldn't have been more amicable." Unofficial reasons for departure were weak performances of the last two movies, for which DreamWorks had to take writedowns, and citing the article, "Aardman executives chafed at the creative control DreamWorks tried to exert, particularly with "Flushed Away"..." The studio had another film in development, "Crood Awakening" (eventually "The Croods"), which had been announced in 2005, with John Cleese co-writing the screenplay. With the end of the partnership, the film's rights reverted to DreamWorks.

- Songs of my folk / Compiler of the Musical Literary Species Collection - F.A. Kildiyarova; scientific ed., comp. literary part, auth. intro. Art., comment. and classification - F.A. Nadrshina; music ed. - F. A. Faizova. - Ufa: Song, 1995. - 183 p..
- Bashkort Folk songs, songs-legends /Author-compiler F. A. Nadrshina. - Ufa: Kitap, 1997. – 288 с.
- Bashkort Folk Legends / Author-compiler F. A. Nadrshina. - Ufa: Kitap, 2007. – p. 468 .
- Bashkir-English-Russian dictionary of adequate proverbs and sayings / Auth.-comp. F. Nadrshina, E. M. Zubairova [Sozinova]. - Ufa: Kitap, 2002. - 160 p.
- Ural batur. Bashkort Folk Epic /Project, intro. Art., preparation of texts - F. A. Nadrshina. - Ufa: Informreklama, 2003. - 465 p. 16 p. ill.
- Salavat in Bashkir Folklore, In 2 vol. Volume One: Legends / Project, comp., scientific. Ed., entry. Art. and comment. – F.A. Nadrshina. - Ufa: Informreklama, 2008 - 536 p.
- Salavat in Bashkir Folklore, In 2 vol. Volume Two: Epic, Songs and Baits / Project, comp., scientific. Ed., entry. Art. and comment. – F.A. Nadrshina. - Ufa: Informreklama, 2008 - 312 p.
- Bashkort Folk Epic Stories / Author-comp. - F.A. Nadrshina. - Ufa: Kitap, 2010. - 280 p..
- The Treasures of the Ancient Urals /Aut.-stat. F. A. Nadrshina, E. M. Sozinova. - Ufa: Kitap, 2019. 264 p.
- Pearls of the language=Die Perlen der Sprach=Les perles de la langue.Bashkort, Russian, Inglis, German, French F. A. Nadrshina, E. M. Sozinova, Sozinova, Ғ. g. Shafiqov, Z. A. Rakhimova, N. N. Akhtamova, E. M. Nukhova, F. S. Kudryasheva, R. Ҡ. Garipov, L. M. Toҡombatova. Ufa: Kitap, 2020. 216 p.

Her parents were Juliana McLachlan and David Gardiner. Her parents belonged to a famous and wealthy family of New York. From her childhood, Juliana got training to move in high society. When she was just a girl of 15 in 1835, she went to tour Europe with her family. There she saw a social life of much glamour. In late 1842, she along with her parents went to Washington DC. In Washington DC, she attracted the attention of several men. One of them was President Tyler, a widower since September 10 1842.
In 1843, Julia, her sister, and their father joined the President Tyler on a tour on a steam naval ship. During the tour a huge naval gun exploded, killing her father. The President Tyler comforted her. He also got her consent for a secret engagement. Marriage took place on 26th June 1844. When the news was announced, it attracted interest and publicity. Some people also criticized it as the President Tyler was 30 years older than Julia.
Her role as the First Lady was very decent and charming for the guests. After her husband’s term ended as the president, they retired to their home at Sherwood Forest Plantation in Virginia. The President got seven more children from her. He was already having eight children with his first wife. There her husband died on 18th January 1862. In the meanwhile, the American Civil War had broken out. She had to move to New York as a refugee. She also faced monetary problems.
In 1870, the US Congress granted a pension of US$1,200 a year to Mary Lincoln, widow of Abraham Lincoln. In 1880, Julia could also get a pension of the same amount. After Garfield's assassination, the US Congress granted a pension of same amount of US$5,000 a year to all the widows of the presidents. They were Lucretia Garfield, Mrs. Lincoln, Sarah Childress Polk, and Mrs. Tyler.

The story itself begins with a young farm boy named Eragon finding a polished blue stone in the Spine (a smaller mountain range and woods). He tries to sell the egg, but no one buys it. The stone turns out to be a dragon egg, and the dragon that hatches from it is named Saphira. When Saphira is about 6 months old, Eragon's uncle, Garrow is killed by the Ra'zac (insect-like creatures that work for Galbatorix), who want to find and capture Eragon and Saphira. Eragon decides to find them and kill them in revenge because of his uncle's death. He and Saphira leave, along with Brom, an old storyteller who tells Eragon and Saphira many things about dragons and Riders and promises to help them. In Yu'Zuac, Eragon and Brom were ambushed by two Urgals. After Brom was knocked from his horse, the Urgals chased Eragon, when he used magic to defeat them. Brom teaches Eragon how to control magic after this. While they are travelling, they find a flask full of corrupted Seithr oil dropped by the Ra'zac. This oil is very rare, so Eragon gets the idea to go to a coastal city for shipping records to find the Ra'zac. The three travel to the city of Teirm to see Brom's old friend, Joed. Joed is a merchant who is secretly giving supplies to the Varden. However all of his ships are being destroyed somehow by someone who knows he is working for the Varden. He helps them find a record of where the Ra'zac are - a city named Dras-Leona. Brom, Eragon, and Saphira travel to Dras-Leona, but Eragon is seen by Galbatorix's soldiers. The three run away, but the Ra'zac find them and capture them. Then they are driven away by a stranger named Murtagh, but they wound Brom first. Brom dies soon, but not before telling Eragon and Murtagh that he was secretly a Rider whose dragon was killed by Galbatorix.

Stuart learned from his trip with Sturt that large groups were not able to move quickly through the dry Australian lands. He believed that a small group would have more success. Finke paid him to find out if the land north of Lake Torrens would be suitable for sheep. On this first trip he went with two men, Forster and an unnamed Aboriginal youth. They took six horses, enough food for six weeks, a watch and a compass. In May 1858 they went through settled areas until they reached Oratunga Station, one of the most remote farms in South Australia. It is near the present day town of Blinman, in the north of the Flinders Ranges. From here they went northwest and found a permanent water hole, Andamooka Waterhole, on a creek Stuart named Chambers Creek. It has since been renamed Stuart Creek. The country was very dry, and they could only find water in Aboriginal wells. The stony ground hurt the horses feet. At the end of July they reached the site of the present day town of Coober Pedy. Their horses were in poor condition and they were running out of food. Stuart decided to change direction to the south west and try and reach the coast near Fowlers Bay. The Aboriginal youth would not go any further and went back. He was scared of other Aborigines in the area they were going into. Stuart said the land was "...dreary, dismal, dreadful desert." Stuart and Forster reached the coast at Denial Bay in August 1858, and were back in settled farm lands by 11 September. They had completed a journey of in four months. He gave his diary and maps to the South Australian government. As a reward, Stuart was given the lease to 1,000 square miles of land at Chambers Creek.

The other Interpromotional match on the card was between Randy Orton and The Undertaker, with Orton representing Raw and Undertaker representing SmackDown!. The feud first started on the March 7 edition of "Raw" when Orton challenged The Undertaker to a match at WrestleMania billed as ""Legend vs. Legend Killer"".<ref name="PWWEW.net - 3/07 Raw"></ref><ref name="OWW - 3/07 Raw"></ref> Three days later on "SmackDown!", Undertaker accepted Orton's challenge.<ref name="PWWEW.net - 3/10 SmackDown!"></ref><ref name="SLAM! Sports - 3/10 SmackDown!"></ref> On the March 14 edition of "Raw", Jake "The Snake" Roberts, attempted to give Orton advice about his match with Undertaker at WrestleMania, but was RKOed when Orton was not cooperating.<ref name="411mania.com - 3/14 Raw"></ref><ref name="OWW - 3/14 Raw"></ref> Later that week on "SmackDown!", Orton and Undertaker had a contract signing for their match at WrestleMania.<ref name="PWWEW.net - 3/17 SmackDown!"></ref><ref name="411mania.com - 3/17 SmackDown!"></ref> After both men signed, Orton told Undertaker that he has nothing but respect for him. Shortly afterwards, Orton slapped him and claimed that his 12-0 undefeated streak at WrestleMania, would soon be 12-1. The next week on "Raw", Orton claimed that his confidence was at an all-time high, despite what happened on "SmackDown!" the week before. Afterwards, Orton turned heel and furthered his "Legend killer" gimmick by RKOing his then-girlfriend Stacy Keibler.<ref name="411mania.com - 3/21 Raw"></ref><ref name="OWW - 3/21 Raw"></ref>

The People's Republic of Bulgaria was the official name of Bulgaria, when it was a socialist republic from 1946 to 1990. 
It was ruled by the Bulgarian Communist Party (BCP) together with the Bulgarian Agrarian People's Union. Bulgaria was closely allied with the Soviet Union during the Cold War, being part of Comecon and member of the Warsaw Pact. The Bulgarian resistance movement during World War II deposed the Kingdom of Bulgaria administration in the Bulgarian coup d'état of 1944 which ended the country's alliance with the Axis powers and led to the People's Republic in 1946.
The BCP modelled its policies after those of the Soviet Union. They transformed the country over the course of a decade from an agrarian peasant society into an industrialized socialist society. 
In the mid-1950s after the death of Stalin, the party's hardliners lost influence and a period of social liberalization and stability followed under Todor Zhivkov. 
After a new energy and transportation infrastructure was made, by 1960 manufacturing became the dominant sector of the economy and Bulgaria became a major exporter of household goods and later of computer technologies. It earned the nickname of "Silicon Valley of the Eastern Bloc". The country's high productivity levels and high scores for social development made it a model for other socialist countries' policies.
In 1989, political reforms were started. Todor Zhivkov, who had served as head of the party since 1954, was removed from office in a BCP congress. In 1990, under the leadership of Aleksandar Lilov, the BCP changed its name to the Bulgarian Socialist Party (BSP) and adopted social democracy and democratic socialism in place of Marxism–Leninism. Following the BSP victory in the 1990 election, which was the first openly contested multi-party election since 1931, the name of the state was changed to the Republic of Bulgaria. Geographically, the People's Republic of Bulgaria had the same borders as present-day Bulgaria. It bordered the Black Sea to the east; Romania to the north; Yugoslavia (via SRs Serbia and Macedonia) to the west and Greece and Turkey to the south.

Töregene was friends with Ögedei's commanders in China. The fighting between the Mongols and the Song soldiers was in Chengdu. Töregene sent people to make peace, but Song put them in prison. The Mongols put Hangzhou in prison and attacked Sichuan in 1242. She then told Zhang Rou and Chagaan (Tsagaan) to attack the Song Dynasty. When they attacked the Song territory, the Song court sent somebody to ceasefire. Chagaan and Zhang Rou went north back to their homes after the Mongols accepted the term.
During the reign of Ögedei, the Seljuks of Rum wanted friendship and gave money Chormaqan every year. Under Kaykhusraw II, however, the Mongols began to pressure the Sultan to go to Mongolia himself, give people whom he put in jail, and accept a Mongol darughachi. Mongol raids began in 1240. The Seljuk Sultan Kaykhusraw made a large army to meet them. The king of Cilician Armenia was required to give 1400 lances and the Greek Emperor of Nicaea 400 lances. Both rulers met the Sultan in Kayseri to talk. The Grand Komnenos of Trebizond gave 200 lances, while the young Ayyubid prince of Aleppo gave 1000 horsemen.In addition to these, Kaykhusraw told the Seljuq army and Turkmen cavalry, though both had been weakened by the Baba Ishak rebellion. However, Baiju and his Georgian helpers defeated them at the battle of Köse Dağ in 1243. After that battle, the Sultanate of Rum, the Empire of Trebizond and the Lesser Armenia quickly declared their allegiance one by one to the Mongol Empire ruled by Töregene Khatun.

The duality of Shiva's fearful and auspicious attributes appears in contrasted names. The name Rudra reflects Shiva's fearsome aspects. According to traditional etymologies, the Sanskrit name "Rudra" is derived from the root "rud-", which means "to cry, howl". Stella Kramrisch notes a different etymology connected with the adjectival form "raudra", which means "wild, of "rudra" nature", and translates the name "Rudra" as "the wild one" or "the fierce god". R. K. Sharma follows this alternate etymology and translates the name as "terrible". Hara is an important name that occurs three times in the Anushasanaparvan version of the "Shiva sahasranama", where it is translated in different ways each time it occurs, following a commentorial tradition of not repeating an interpretation. Sharma translates the three as "one who captivates", "one who consolidates", and "one who destroys". Kramrisch translates it as "the ravisher". Another of Shiva's fearsome forms is as "Kāla" "time" and "Mahākāla" "great time", which ultimately destroys all things. The name "Kāla" appears in the "Shiva Sahasranama", where it is translated by Ram Karan Sharma as "(the Supreme Lord of) Time". Bhairava "terrible" or "frightful" is a fierce form associated with annihilation. In contrast, the name "Śaṇkara", "beneficent" or "conferring happiness" reflects his benign form. This name was adopted by the great Vedanta philosopher Adi Shankara (c. 788–820), who is also known as Shankaracharya. The name "Śambhu" (Sanskrit: शम्भु swam-on its own; bhu-burn/shine) "self-shining/ shining on its own", also reflects this benign aspect.

The Book of the Dead was a series of almost two hundred spells represented as texts, songs and pictures written on papyrus. They were individually customized for the dead. They were buried along with the dead to make their passage into the underworld easier. After working their way through lakes of fire, spitting cobras, demon jackals and giant bugs their soul is led into a hall of judgment in Duat by Anubis (god of mummification) and the deceased's heart, which was the record of the morality of the owner, is weighed against a single feather representing Ma'at (the concept of truth, and order). A heart that weighed less than the feather was considered a pure heart. This resulted in a good outcome. A heart heavy with guilt and sin from one's life weighed more than the feather, and so the heart would be eaten by Ammit ("Eater of Hearts")–part crocodile, part lion, and part hippopotamus. If the outcome was good, the dead are taken to Osiris, god of the afterlife, in Aaru, but the if the out come was bad, the demon Ammit destroyed their heart which killed the soul. The person would then be placed in a special place with food just out of reach of their hands. If they ever got the food, demons would put them into a hole to make it harder for them.
The Greeks wrote a myth about a King who was forced to do the same thing but he was imprisoned in a lake. Whenever he bent his head to have some water, the lake would drain away only to bring the water back when he stopped trying. There was also food above his head on a tree and whenever he reached out for it the branch would move away.

Grace Chatto, one of the members of Clean Bandit, told that London Evening Standard that the song was based on an experience of a breakup of hers. She also said that the song was recorded over FaceTime. It is because the band was unable to schedule a session with Lovato.
The song was performed at the other European leg of Lovato's Tell Me You Love Me World Tour. Clean Bandit also performed the song at the Capital FM Summertime Ball. The band also had Lovato as a special guest on June 9, 2018.
The music video for the song was released on May 31, 2018. It stars the members of Clean Bandit and Lovato herself.
The video starts with the Clean Bandit member Grace Chatto. She is with a "lover", who is the actor George Todd McLachlan, in which they argue. As the arguments become violent. Chatto grabs her longboard and skates into the town and ends at a laundromat. She is then hidden behind the washing machines in an office. She also pays an attendant (Ko Hyojoo) for an unknown medicine. Then, Hyojoo is skating with a longboard down the street. It is to retrieve the medicine that will be made by Jack and Luke Patterson. Before that happens, Luke suggests to choose to the shape of a bearded dragon or a rabbit. They decide to make the shape of a dog. In the end, thanks to the help of the medicine, Chatto's abusive boyfriend turns into a rainbow golden Retriever. The video is briefly cut with Chatto's face evaporating. Lovato makes appearances with a floral top when she sings the track's vocals. As of November 2021, the video has over 900 million views. A black and white acoustic version of the video was released on June 15, 2018.
A music video for the Japanese version of the video was released on August 17, 2018. It was filmed in Kyoto, Japan. It focuses on the division of trying to break away from one's feelings. It is also focuses on moving from the past with the inner confusion that comes with it. It was directed by Yutaka Obara.

In Wales (and England) buildings with significant historical interest are often classified into either Grade I or Grade II buildings. Grade I listed buildings are buildings with significant historic relevance whereas Grade II listed buildings are buildings which are important in reflection to past history and culture but with less significance than Grade I buildings. Accorded to the British Listed Building website Conwy has a total of 254 listed buildings (both Grade I and Grade II), which is the second highest in the whole of Wales, second to Llandudno which has 394 and then followed by Abergele which has 81. The listed buildings in Conwy range from Grade I listed buildings such as: 
Grade II buildings such as:
Buildings can also be used to view the national identity of the area through the eyes of those living there and those visiting as in recent years culture has played an important part of tourism and is increasingly in demand from tourists which is reflected in the Conwy Culture Centre. The development of this cultural centre was funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund in 2015 and a planning application was approved in 2017 which allows building and development to start. The Centre was planned to provide a safe space for youths to meet as well as a place to hold and display historic collections as well as offer training programmes and volunteer opportunities to locals who live in the area to improve their quality of live and the job aspects etc they are able to get. These aspects are all insightful of the ‘Conwy County Borough Council annual report 2016/17’ which explains how they had created a new strategy to increase the number of Welsh speakers (as well as the quality of the language that people who can speak the language were confident that they were able to speak). It also said that they had gained enough funding to be able to begin to develop the centre. As well as this it stated that heritage tourism within Conwy was increasing as a result of the changes that they made and that the volunteering support that was bring provided by the Conwy Culture Centre was worthwhile as two of the volunteers who took part were awarded with well-known awards (BBC Sports Wales young volunteer of the year).

Max Kane helps Rachel run away from her overly religious and abusive stepfather. Rachel is nicknamed "Worm" because of her love of reading. Max nicknames her stepfather "The Undertaker" because he drives a hearse and wears black clothing. The Undertaker accuses Max of kidnapping Worm. This causes Max and Worm run away with Dippy Hippie on his bus, the Prairie Schooner. Along the way, they meet two con-artists, Frank and Joanie. They have read about Max and Worm and know there is a reward for finding them. Frank tries to turn them in. To get away, Max and Worm have to leave the Prairie Schooner. To take them the rest of the way, they get on a train with Hobo Joe. They get to Chivalry, Montana. They go into a mining tunnel. Max learns that Worm's birth father had died in a mining accident. The Undertaker goes to Chivalry with the police. Max and Worm run away in the tunnels. They meet Dip, and Max's grandfather, Grim. The police find them and Worm runs back into the tunnel. She thinks about killing herself so she can be with her father and away from her stepfather. Max talks her out of it. A beam in the mine falls over and traps the Undertaker under it. This causes Worm to finally talk to the Undertaker about all the abuse he has been doing to her and her mother. This causes the police to know the truth. Before anything else can happen, the mine starts to collapse. Everybody is forced to run for the exit. Max cannot leave the Undertaker behind to die. He lifts up the beam and frees the Undertaker. The Undertaker gets out of the mine in time, but Max does not. Emergency services come to the mine and rescue Max. He has a broken shoulder and leg. Afterwards, Worm's mother finally stands up to her abusive husband. She tells the court what he really happened. This gets the Undertaker convicted of domestic abuse. The book ends with Max and his grandparents asking Worm and her mother to live with them. They say yes.

The British annexed Assam into the Indian British Empire in 1826. After 1826 the Lower Assam and the Central Assam (Darrang, Nagaon and Raha) were made one division which extended up to Biswanath. The division was placed under one Administrative Officer designated as the Principal Assistant to the Commissioner. The Upper Assam portion was left to the native rulers with supervisory control under a British political agent with political headquarters at Biswanath. Captain Neufville was the political agent for Upper Assam. Darrang Division was administered till 1833 from Guwahati.
Darrang was converted into a district and Mangaldai was made the district Headquarter in 1833. But the British shifted the head quarter to Tezpur in 1835. The district comprised of two sub-divisions, Tezpur sadar sub-division and Mangaldoi sub-division with head quarter at Mangaldoi. The District of Darrang was divided in to six Revenue Circles under one Sub-Deputy Collector in each Circle. There was one Transferred area in the district at Charduar. An assistant political officer was posted at Charduar under the Deputy Commissioner who acted as Political Officer.
Tezpur was a small township then. The British developed Tezpur as a small garrison township. Later, tea gardens were set-up throughout the district. The old steamarghat at Jahajghat, the Dak-Bungalow, the then Chummery compound at present Don-Bosco School campus, the Planters Club of Tezpur (Stations Club), the Jahajghat Railway Station, the Church of Ephiphany etc. and many tea gardens are some of the examples of the contributions of the British.

Streptomyces are medically important, as they produce antifungals, antiparasitic drugs, antivirals, antitumorals, anti-hypertensives, immunosuppressants and antibiotics. Different species of streptomyces are used to produce different antibiotics. Over 500 species of "Streptomyces" bacteria have been described. For example, widely studied "S. griseus" was the first to be used in production of an antibiotic streptomycin, while "S. avermitilis" as a source of avermictin. Another well-studied species, "S coelicolor", is widely used in genetic studies due to its relative ease of handling and distinct morphological stages. Overall, Streptomyces produce over two-thirds of the clinically useful antibiotics of natural origin, such as tetracycline, neomycin and chloramphenicol.
Antibiotics target essential proteins for pathogens’ growth and survival, inhibiting essential functions. For example, streptomycin, which is made from "S. griseus," irreversibly binds to bacterial genetic material and causes errors in the production of new proteins, which leads to cell death. It can be used for treating severe infections, such as tuberculosis and plague. Another example is avermectin, made from "S. avermitili." It causes invertebrate paralysis (inability to make and pass nerve impulses), which is used as a drug and pesticide against parasitic worms and insects. Avermectin enhances glutamate (neurotransmitter) at the glutamate-gated chloride channels that mammals don’t possess. It causes the excess of chloride ions inside the cell (hyperpolarisation), so the action potential cannot be further induced, ultimately leading to paralysis.

Jodi Lynn Picoult (born 19 May 1966 in Nesconsent, Long Island, New York) is an American author. Picoult comes from what she calls a "non-practicing Jewish family". She was raised in her hometown in Long Island, but moved to the U.S. State of New Hampshire when she was 13 years old. She went to Princeton, a university in the U.S. state of New Jersey, where she studied writing and graduated from in 1987. She also went to Harvard University, where she earned a master's degree in education. She had many jobs, as a guest writer for magazines like "Seventeen", to editing textbooks and teaching eighth grade English. She published her first novel "Songs of the Humpback Whale" in 1992. Her first book to debut as a New York Times best-seller was her 2007 novel "Nineteen Minutes"; the following year her novel "Change of Heart" became her second novel to debut as #1 on the New York Times Best Seller's list. Her last novel to be featured on the list was "Handle With Care" (2009). Four of her novels, "The Pact" (1998), "Plain Truth" (2000), "The Tenth Circle" (2006) and most recently, "My Sister's Keeper", which published as a book in 2004 but released as a movie in 2009. She was awarded the New England Bookseller Award for fiction in 2003. Picoult currently has some 14 million copies of her books in print worldwide. In addition to writing novels, Picoult had written for DC Comics' third volume of Wonder Woman in 2007; she only wrote 5 issues. She lives with her husband, Tim Van Leer, their three children and pets in Hanover, New Hampshire.

Thayer promoted the idea of “business antislavery”. The idea behind Thayer's Emigrant Aid Company was to level the playing field with the southern pro-slavery advocates. The company was chartered under the laws of Massachusetts for the purpose of "assisting emigrants to settle in the West." Thayer's idea worked to both settle New Englanders in Kansas to prevent slavery and to remove the surplus of New Englanders and Immigrants. The plan was for settlers to start new businesses that would profit the company. The towns of Lawrence, Topeka, Manhattan and Osawatomie, Kansas were all settled by or with help from the Emigrant Aid Company. Thayer realized there was more money available in the North than in the South. By forming the Company he felt settlers would be well rewarded with the "comforts of civilization". The company would be well rewarded with a good dividend on their investments. It was a win-win situation. He thought once Kansas was free, their attentions could be turned south and colonize it in a similar manner. By investing in the Company it would be the "snort of the steam engine instead of the crack of the blacksnake (whip)". Thayer's slogan became "Saw-mills and Liberty!" and was widely proclaimed in the New England press. Between 1854 and 1856, Thayer's Company sent about 2,000 emigrants to Kansas Territory. By May 1857 many members of the Company felt it had reached its goals in Kansas. Thayer began other projects. He helped found the free labor colony of Ceredo, Virginia (now West Virginia). But after John Brown's raid on Harpers Ferry many investors and potential settlers were scared away. The outbreak of the Civil War ended the project.

In the 19th century, several chemists discovered some fundamental concepts of the domain of organic chemistry. One of them was the French chemist Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac, who was especially interested in fermentation processes. He also passed this fascination to one of his best students, Justus von Liebig. With a difference of some years, each of them described the chemical structure of the lactic acid molecule as we know it today. Both Gay-Lussac and von Liebig had a purely chemical understanding of the fermentation process: in their view, the process can be optimized with chemical catalyzers; neither of them was interested in seeing it with a microscope. In 1857, the French chemist Louis Pasteur first described lactic acid as the product of a microbial fermentation. During this time, he worked at the university of Lille, where a local distillery asked him for advice concerning some fermentation problems. Per chance and with the badly equipped laboratory he had at that time, he discovered that in this distillery, two fermentations were taking place, a lactic acid one and an alcoholic one, both induced by microorganisms. He then continued the research on these discoveries in Paris, where he also published his theories which contradicted the purely chemical version represented by Liebig and his followers. Even though Pasteur described some concepts that are still accepted today, Liebig refused to accept them. But even Pasteur himself wrote that he was "driven" to a completely new understanding of this chemical phenomenon. Even if Pasteur didn't find every detail of this process, he still discovered the main mechanism of how the microbial lactic acid fermentation works. He was the first to describe fermentation as a "form of life without air."

As time passed, the gap between rich and poor increased. Frank Fontaine created charity organizations to support the underclass. His goal was to use his charity organizations to manipulate the poor. He also made a smuggling operation to supply citizens with forbidden items from the surface, such as religious material. These, along with his control of the plasmid industry, made him immensely powerful. He tried to overthrow Ryan, but the revolt was violently crushed and Fontaine was said to be dead. Ryan seized control of Fontaine's plasmid business. Within a few months, a new figure named Atlas rose as the leader of the disgruntled lower class. On New Year's Eve of 1959, Atlas and his ADAM-infused followers began a new revolt against Ryan that spread throughout Rapture. Ryan in turn began splicing his own forces, and his paranoia had reached such a level he was hanging dozens of people, mostly innocent, in Rapture's main square. In order to solve ADAM shortages, the Little Sisters were mentally conditioned to wander the city and extract ADAM from the dead, recycling it into raw ADAM in their stomachs after swallowing it. "Big Daddies", enhanced and mentally sterilized humans in armored diving suits, were created by Dr. Suchong, the scientist behind many plasmids, to protect the Little Sisters in their work.
A drawback of ADAM is that a user must take regular infusions or suffer mental and physical problems. As the war hurt production and supply, every ADAM user in the city went violently insane. By the time the player arrives, only a handful of non-mutated humans survive in hideouts.

"This City" is the first solo mainstream radio single released by American pop singer-songwriter Patrick Stump off the debut album "Soul Punk" under Island Def Jam Records on July 26, 2011 on his blog. The song features American rapper and songwriter and producer Lupe Fiasco. The original track does not feature Fiasco's addition to the rap versus in the single. In January 2010, Stump announced that he was producing his debut solo album, titled "Soul Punk". This came after Fall Out Boy (his main band)'s hiatus in late 2009. His album is a complete solo effort as he is doing everything: performing, composing all music, penning all lyrics, playing over ten instruments and producing, with the album's recording is funded by his own Fall Out Boy earnings. Its musical direction is generally pop/R&B orientated and has been described by Stump as "soul punk" and "smart pop," drawing influence from a wide scope of artists including Prince, Michael Jackson and David Bowie. According to Stump, the song changed the entire course of "Soul Punk". "I had written a while draft of the album and then at the 11th hour came up with "This City," I really loved the song but felt like, conceptually, it didn't fit on the album. I had to go back and make an album for that song because I loved it so much. So one of the holdups on [the album] was re-writing the record around [it]." With "Soul Punk" originally due in February 2011, Stump delayed it to October 18 and rebuilt the album with the song, releasing "Truant Wave" EP in the meanwhile for its delay in February 2011. "I had this feeling that the album was disjointed, and right before I was mastering, I played "This City" for my manager — I really liked it, but I was unsure about it, although I thought it was what I wanted to say — and he was like, 'Put it on, it's great! Then I thought, 'Well, if I'm going to put that on the record, then I really need to go back to the drawing board.' Basically I took "This City", "Everybody Wants Somebody", "Allie", and a song called "Dance Miserable", and rebuilt the album around those four songs."

As the controversy went further, the Wikipedia community began looking at Essjay's previous changes. Some felt he had relied upon his false professorship to prove he was right about his changes. "People have gone through his edits and found places where he was basically cashing in on his fake credentials to bolster his arguments," said Michael Snow, a Wikipedia administrator and founder of the Wikipedia community newspaper, "The Wikipedia Signpost". "Those will get looked at again." For instance, Essjay had recommended sources such as "Catholicism for Dummies," a book granted the nihil obstat and imprimatur by the Roman Catholic Church. Essjay defended his use of the book by telling fellow Wikipedia editors in a disagreement over the editing of the article Imprimatur: "This is a text I often require for my students, and I would hang my own PhD on it’s credibility."
Wales was "...reported to be considering vetting all persons who adjudicate on factual disputes." "I don't think this incident exposes any inherent weakness in Wikipedia, but it does expose a weakness that we will be working to address," Wales added. He insisted that Wikipedia editors still would be able to remain anonymous if they wished. "We always prefer to give a positive incentive rather than absolute prohibition, so that people can contribute without a lot of hassle", Wales commented. However, he also warned that "It's always inappropriate to try to win an argument by flashing your credentials, and even more so if those credentials are inaccurate". Wales argued "contributors to the site who claim certain credentials will soon have to prove they really have them." However, Florence Devouard, chair of the Wikimedia Foundation, was not supportive of his credential suggestion, saying, "I think what matters is the quality of the content, which we can improve by enforcing policies such as 'cite your source,' not the quality of credentials showed by an editor." A formal suggestion that users saying to have qualification would have to give something to prove they really do have them, before using them was rejected by the Wikipedia community, like all previous such suggestions.

In Hymenoptera there are many variations. The distinction between the 'parasitic' and the 'traditional' hymenoptera can run very thin. 
In Britain there are about 6500 species of Hymenoptera more than in any other insect order and just one parasitoid superfamily, the Ichneumonoidea, has nearly half of them. Most workers now recognise only two families in Ichneumonoidea. These are Ichneumonidae, with over two thousand British species, and Braconidae, with nearly 1200 representatives in Britain. They are, respectively, the largest and the second largest families of British insects. Only a beetle family, the Staphylinidae, is near the thousand mark. Ichneumonoids also include the largest parasitoids.
Hymenopteran parasitoids often have unique life cycles. In one family, the Trigonalidae, the female wasps deposit eggs into small pockets they cut into the edge of leaves with their ovipositor. A caterpillar chewing these leaves may swallow some of the eggs. When they get into the caterpillar's gut, they hatch and burrow through the gut wall and into the body cavity. Later they search the caterpillar's body cavity for other parasitoid larvae, and it is these they attack and feed on. Some trigonalids, once they are in a caterpillar or sawfly larva, need their host to fall prey to a social wasp. The wasp carries the caterpillar back to its nest, and there it is butchered and fed to the wasp's young. The young serve as host for the trigonalid, the eggs of which are in the butchered caterpillar.

Assistant Commissioner of Police Jai Dixit (Abhishek Bachchan), a no-nonsense cop, is called onto the case. Dixit seeks the help of a local bike dealer/racer named Ali Akbar Fateh Khan (Uday Chopra) and devises a trap to catch the gang, but it fails. Kabir (John Abraham), the leader of the gang, eventually taunts Dixit, claiming that Dixit can't catch him even if he is right in front of him. He is proven correct, and Dixit's failure apparently causes him to part ways with Ali.
Kabir then lures Ali into his gang as a substitute for Rohit, the gang member who was killed by Dixit. Ali falls in love with Sheena (Esha Deol), another gang member. The gang later goes to Goa to perform one last big heist before disbanding forever. Kabir sets his eyes on the largest casino in all of India. Kabir and his gang swiftly loot the casino on New Year's Eve, but they soon realize that Dixit has led them right into a trap. It is revealed that Ali was working for Dixit the whole time, and a fight ensues.
Kabir manages to escape from Dixit and goes back to the gang's truck, where Ali has kept Sheena bound and gagged. Kabir then viciously beats up Ali for his betrayal, but Ali is saved by Dixit's timely arrival at the scene. The gang flees, except for Sheena, while Dixit and Ali give chase to Kabir. They kill all the other gang members except Kabir, who tries to escape on his bike. He is cornered by Dixit and Ali with nowhere to go. Kabir decides to take his own life rather than let Dixit arrest him, and he rides his bike over the edge of a cliff into the water to his death. The film ends with Dixit and Ali arguing with each other, albeit in a friendly way.

3 Idiots (stylized as 3 idiots) is a 2009 Indian Hindi-language coming-of-age comedy drama buddy film written, edited and directed by Rajkumar Hirani, co-written by Abhijat Joshi, produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra under the production banner of Vinod Chopra Films and distributed by Reliance BIG Pictures. Released in India on 25 December 2009, adapted loosely from Chetan Bhagat's 2004 novel "Five Point Someone: What NOT to do at IIT!" and considered to be a cult film in the Hindi cinema, the film stars Aamir Khan, R. Madhavan and Sharman Joshi in the titular roles, marking their reunion three years after "Rang De Basanti" (2006), while Kareena Kapoor, Boman Irani, Omi Vaidya, Mona Singh, Javed Jaffrey, Parikshit Sahni and Amardeep Jha appear in pivotal roles. Narrated through two parallel dramas, one in the present and the other set ten years in the past, the story follows the friendship of three students at an Indian engineering college and is a satire about the social pressures under the Indian education system.
Two friends embark on a quest for a lost buddy. On this journey, they encounter a long-forgotten bet, a wedding they must crash, and a funeral that goes, ridiculously out of control. As they make their way through the perilous landscape, another journey begins. Their inner journey through memory lane and the story of their friend - the impressible free-thinker Rancho, who in a unique way, had touched and changed their lives. It is a story of their hostel days that swings between Rancho's romance with the spirited Pia, and his clash with an oppressive mentor, Viru Sahastrabuddhe. And then one day, suddenly, Rancho vanished. Who was he? Where did he come from? Why did he leave? The friend who influenced and inspired them to think creatively and independently, even as the conformist world called them "three idiots". Where is the original idiot now? Finally, in misty mountains with unparalleled beauty, the friends find the key to the secret.

In 1981, Marvin settled in Ostend, Belgium thanks to a former Belgian sports promoter and with his encouragement began rebuilding his life cutting away from drugs and also rebuilding his music career. After a successful European tour, Marvin signed with CBS Records and began work on a new album in his adopted home. After his friend and biographer David Ritz arrived to interview him, Marvin and David collaborated on a reggae-styled track in which Ritz titled "Sexual Healing" after a conversation between the two evolved into pornography. The song was one of eight Marvin worked on to fit into his comeback release, "Midnight Love". Boosted by its Caribbean flavor, the song returned Marvin to the top of the charts, hitting number-one on the R&B chart for a period of ten weeks and also becoming a top ten hit in several countries including number-three in the U.S. pop chart and number-four in England. It also hit number-one in New Zealand. Selling over two million copies, it became Marvin's biggest-selling single to date and won him his first couple of Grammys in 1983. Marvin's comeback was cemented with his emotional performance of the national anthem at the NBA All Star Game and a reunited showcase at "Motown 25", where Marvin was reunited with his old Motown buddies. Marvin's performance consisted of him playing piano while speaking on the illustrious history of black music before singing "What's Going On" to a receptive audience. That year, Marvin went on the road to promote the "Midnight Love" album. It would end up being his final tour.

May Ying Chen (born 1948) is a labor organizer who specializes in immigrant workers rights. For more than twenty years, she has been actively advocating for immigrant and women’s worker rights. 
Born and raised in Boston, MA, she went to Radcliffe College, receiving a BA, and UCLA attaining her MA in Education. After her graduation, she worked as a high school and adult education teacher while staying in California. 
She founded a day care center that aimed on employing mainly immigrant women. Chen also taught Asian and Asian American Studies at California State University. After being inspired by the Third World Liberation movement in California from 1968-1969, Chen started her own labor movement in 1983 where she was a member in the International Ladies Garment Workers Union’s(ILGWU) and later worked on the ILGWU Immigration Project in 1984. Working on The Immigrant Project, Chen helped thousands of members apply for U.S. citizenship, sponsorship petitions on behalf of relatives, among other things. Chen began a full-time position at Local 23-25’s Education Department in 1989. She worked on numerous things like coordinating labor education programs, English and Civics classes, voter registration and political action projects and various other union and community activities for members. She also became active in other labor-related groups. She served on the Coalition of Labor Union Women’s National Executive Board from 1984 to 1993. She also participated in the Asian Labor Committee of New York City Central Labor Council and was a founding member and officer of AFL-CIO’s Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance(APALA). Up until June 2009 when she retired, Chen served as the International Vice President of UNITE HERE, manager of Local 23-25 and as Secretary of the New York Metropolitan Area Joint Board.

Language starts as a tool external to the child used for social interaction. The child guides its behavior by using a kind of self-talk or "thinking out loud". Initially, self-talk is very much a tool of social interaction and this tapers to negligible levels when the child is alone. Gradually, self-talk is used more as a tool for self-directed and self-regulating behavior. Because it gets internalized, self-talk is no longer present when the child starts school. Self-talk "develops along a rising not a declining, curve; it goes through an evolution, not an involution. In the end, it becomes inner speech".
Speaking has thus developed along two lines, the line of social communication and the line of inner speech, by which the child mediates and regulates their activity through their thoughts. This is not to say that thinking cannot take place without language, but rather it is mediated by language, and so develops to a much higher level of sophistication. Just as the birthday cake as a sign provides much deeper meaning than its physical properties allow, inner speech as a sign provides much deeper meaning than the lower psychological functions would otherwise allow.
Inner speech is not comparable in form to external speech. External speech is the process of turning thought into words. Inner speech is the opposite; it is the conversion of speech into inward thought. Inner speech, for example, contains predicates only. Subjects are superfluous. Words are also used much more economically. One word in inner speech would take many words to express it in external speech.

Like the Prime Minister, Premiers and Chief Ministers are the state/territory leader of the party that forms government. Currently, the Labor Party forms a majority government in four states (Victoria, Queensland, Western Australia and South Australia) and in the Northern Territory, as well as federally. In Tasmania, the Liberal Party (a centre-right, liberal conservative party) currently governs with a majority. In New South Wales, the Labor Party governs in a minority government (with the support of three independents on confidence and supply, meaning they can vote differently to the Government but still allow them to govern), while in the Australian Capital Territory (ACT), the Labor Party forms a coalition government (meaning more than one party is in the Cabinet) with the Greens (a left-wing, progressive green party, meaning they mostly focus on issues like climate change). When a party is unable to win a majority of seats in the Lower House, the party with the most seats must seek support from the crossbench (a crossbencher is someone who is not from either the Government or the Opposition). Then they can form either a coalition government with the crossbenchers or they crossbenchers can give them confidence and supply. For example, it is very common federally and in New South Wales and Victoria for the Liberal Party and the National Party to form a coalition, regardless of if they are in Government or Opposition. This is commonly called the Coalition. In Queensland and the Northern Territory, these two parties merged to become the Liberal National Party (LNP) and the Country Liberal Party (CLP), respectively. In Western Australia, it is also common for the Liberals and the Nationals to form the Coalition, but the agreement is different there in that the parties are still independent of each other. In South Australia and Tasmania, the Coalition has existed before but currently does not exist, as the Nationals have not very much activity there and they have no seats in those states, while in the ACT the Coalition does not exist because the Nationals do not have a branch their, only the Liberals do (this is because the Nationals represent regional, rural and remote interests (this is called agrarianism), but almost all of the ACT is the city of Canberra).

Böhm was born in Graz, Austria. He wanted to be a musician, but his father said that he should study law first, because musicians did not make much money, and if he was not successful as a musician he could then always have a job in law. So he studied law at the university of Graz, and got a doctorate on this subject. He also studied music privately in Graz, and then in Vienna with Eusebius Mandyczewski and Guido Adler. Although he learned to play the piano and to compose, he just wanted to be a conductor. He started his career by helping singers at the Graz Opera to learn their roles. Böhm became very interested in the operas of Wagner and Mozart and learned a lot from great conductors like Carl Muck and Bruno Walter who invited him to the Bavarian State Opera in 1921. In 1927 he became Generalmusikdirektor (music director) at Darmstadt. He often conducted modern operas, including Berg’s "Wozzeck". In 1931 he moved to Hamburg. In 1933 he conducted the Vienna Philharmonic, both in opera and concert performances. He became conductor at the opera house in Dresden when Fritz Busch lost that job because he said he did not like the Nazis. Böhm worked there for nine years. He became a great friend of the composer Richard Strauss and conducted the first performances of two of his operas there: "Die schweigsame Frau" and "Daphne". In 1943 got the very important job of conductor at the Vienna State Opera eventually becoming music director. He also conducted the German seasons at the Teatro Colón in Buenos Aires from 1950 to 1953.

Sickles, not impressed with his new commander or his orders. He rode to Meade's headquarters about 11:00 a.m. and waited to see Meade. But the commander was busy at the time. Feeling ignored Sickles returned to his troops. He decided he did not like his orders. A mile to his front was Emmitsburg Road, which was higher ground than he was assigned to occupy. He also did not like the fact there were rocks and trees among his line. Sickles, without orders or without informing the other corps commanders moved his corps forward about one mile. This left Hancock's left flank completely open and a large break in the line where his corps was supposed to be. The new position he chose was wider than the one he abandoned and he did not have enough men to cover it completely. The middle of his line formed a salient (a right angle in the line that could be attacked from two directions). Brigadier general Henry Hunt, the artillery chief, inspected the new position with Sickles and pointed out the problems. He said he had to check back with Meade to see if the orders he gave Sickles could be changed. Sickles made the move anyway. Within an hour, his entire III Corps was nearly wiped out by Confederate general James Longstreet's corps. Sickles himself was nicked by a cannonball which shattered his leg. He was carried off the field and his right leg was amputated a few hours later. His injury may have saved him from a court-martial for disobeying orders, but his days as a field commander were at an end.

The Pennsylvania Turnpike is a toll road (a road cars have to pay to drive on) operated by the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the United States. It costs more than $7 for a car to enter it from Ohio. The turnpike is a limited-access highway, which means cars must use ramps to get onto the highway. It runs across the state. The turnpike begins at the Ohio border in Lawrence County, where it goes into that state as the Ohio Turnpike. The designation ends at the New Jersey border at the Delaware River – Turnpike Toll Bridge over the Delaware River in Bucks County, where it goes into that state as the Pearl Harbor Memorial Extension of the New Jersey Turnpike. The roadway goes east-west path through the state, going through the Pittsburgh, Harrisburg, and Philadelphia areas. As it goes across the Appalachian Mountains in the middle of the state, the turnpike goes through four tunnels. It is part of the Interstate Highway System and is signed as part of Interstate 76 (I-76) between the Ohio border and Valley Forge, I-70 and I-76 between New Stanton and Breezewood, I-276 between Valley Forge and Bristol Township, and I-95 between Bristol Township and the New Jersey border. The road uses a ticket system of tolling, where cars get a ticket listing fares when they head onto the road and pay when they leave the road, between the Warrendale and Neshaminy Falls toll plazas. There is also an eastbound toll plaza at Gateway near the Ohio border and a westbound toll plaza at the Delaware River Bridge that uses cameras to take a picture of the car's license plate and send a bill in the mail. E-ZPass, a form of electronic toll collection, is also used at all toll plazas.

If someone wants to visit a Gurdwara, a certain protocol (or set of rules and expectations) must be followed. In Sikhism, there are strict rules against using tobacco, liquor, or narcotics. These things are not allowed in or around the Gurdwara. Before entering the hall, people take off their shoes, wash their hands, cover their head, and think of the Guru. Even non-Sikhs must cover their head with a handkerchief or scarf. After entering the hall, where Guru Granth Sahib is kept, people must walk slowly, bow humbly, and touch their foreheads to the ground, out of respect and love for the Guru. As people bow, they must place an offering (or gift) respectfully before the Guru. The offering may be money, flowers, or words of thanks. Any sincere expression of thanks is equally acceptable to the Guru. After bowing and offering, a person should sit quietly in the "Sangat" (congregation), without disturbing others. Usually men sit on one side and women on the other. People sit in a cross-legged position. Talking or whispering is not allowed.
Usually, worship services in the Gurdwara follow common patterns. "Kirtan" is singing the holy hymns. "Katha" is reading, and then explaining, the hymns. "Ardas" is prayer. Six verses of Anand Sahib may be sung. There may also be "Vak" or "Hukam", where one random hymn from Guru Granth Sahib is read. This is the Guru's message or 'Order' of the day to the Sangat. After the Hukam is done, "Karah Parshad" is distributed. Then "Langar", food from the Guru's kitchen, is served.

On October 8, 1988, 12 prisoners from Youngdeungpo Prison escaped into Seoul city during their transfer to Kongju Prison. Although they were known to Koreans as cruel and inhumane criminals, they were actually accused of robbery and other small crimes. They escaped because they were enraged by the idea of “Preventive Custody Policy,” and that trials were conducted unfairly to the poor. Their prison term for stealing 5,000,000 won was longer than that of Jun Kyung Hwan, brother of the former Korean president, who had embezzled approximately 60,000,000,000 won.
Among the 12 escapees, 4 out of 5 managed to stay unarrested until the very end. They are Ji Kang Hun (35 years old), An Kwang Sul (22), Kang Young Il (21), and Han E-Chul (20). They moved in search of shelters from houses to houses in Seoul. On October 15th, they smuggled into Koh Yong-suh’s house in Seodaemungu Bukjakadong and took hostage of his family. This hostage taking was broadcasted live on television. Koh managed to sneak out from the house at 4:00 AM in the morning and informed the police. The house was surrounded immediately by more than 1000 police force. The standoff between the escapees and the police started from 4:40 AM. At about 12:00 PM, Kang Young Il came out of the house in an effort to negotiate with the police. He tried to get back to the house, but was stopped by Ji who shot a gun before Kang’s feet. Ji stated that this was his last gift to Kang. Then, two of other escapees, An Kwang Sul and Han E-Chul committed suicide in the other room. Ji asked the police for a cassette tape, Holiday by Beegees. He shouted out to the reporters, policemen, and those who were at the scene, “If you have money, non-guilty. If you don't have money, guilty.” He tried to kill himself by stabbing his throat with a piece of glass that he had shattered from the window while listening to Holiday. During the process of rescuing the hostages, Ji was shot two times by the Special Squad in the house. He died the same day at the hospital for excessive loss of blood.

The relics of the Bronze Age like dolmens or patternless earthenwares were unearthed in Hyunpo, Namsu and Judongri. According to Samguk Sagi and Samguk Yusa, there was Usan-guk in Silla. But in June 512, ruler Lee Sa Bu conquered the Usan-guk. In the early 1000's, Japanese called Ulleungdo Uruma. Tribute was continued during the Goryeo. In the early 11 century, after the Usan-guk people who was attacked by Yeojin ran away to the mainland, Ulleungdo and Dokdo became direct controlled territory of the Goryeo. In march 1407, the ruler of Tsushima Island sent envoy, presented the local products and sent back the victims for getting a approval that ruler of Tsushima Island administered the Ulleungdo. But the king of Chosun, Tae Jong, rejected it. In the formal term of Chosun, there were a lot of damages because of Japanese's plunder. So the king of Chosun, Tae Jong, enforced the "empty-island" policy. In Sejong True Record Geographical Feature Papers, there is a record about Ulleungdo which are called Usan-guk. In 1614, the ruler of Tsushima sent a letter that they should look around the Ulleungdo according to the order of Tokugawa Ieyasu. But the king of Chosun, Gwang Hae Gun also rejected it and issued an order that banned Japanese not to come-and-go the Ulleungdo. In 1618, the government of Tokugawa gave the license to Otani and Murikawa Family to go to Ulleungdo. But Chosun people already lived in Ulleungdo. That Families complained about that to the government of Tokugawa, but the government of Tokugawas could not give the practical support to them. After having a controversy about Ulleungdo, the Japan´s feudal government;the shogunate banned Japanese to go to Ulleungdo. In 1787, The LaPerouse Expedition Party of France measured the Ulleungdo at first time and they called the Ulleungdo Dagelet. Finally in 1884, the king of Go Jong removed the "empty island" policy and reclaimed the Ulleungdo.

Smith was born in Tacoma, Washington on January 22, 1939. He graduated from the University of Puget Sound with a degree in philosophy and sociology in 1962. When he graduated from Drew University in 1965, Smith began teaching cooking classes to his students called "Food as Sacrament and Celebration", and was ordained as a minister in the United Methodist church. Smith came back to the University of Puget Sound, to become a chaplain of Aldergate Methodist Church in 1966, and married his wife Patricia "Patty" Smith that same year. In 1972, Smith and his students opened and ran a deli and kitchen supply store in Tacoma, Washington, called Chaplain's Pantry Restaurant and Gourmet Shop. In 1973, Smith began his television career with his first cooking show, "Cooking Fish Creatively", on a local Tacoma, Washington PBS station, KTPS-TV. The first six episodes of "Cooking Fish Creatively" were broadcast in black and white, and then, the station began using federal grant for color cameras, because Smith was asked to design a new cooking show, he called it "The Frugal Gourmet". The name was suggested by his wife, Patty. The program was later moved to WTTW-TV in Chicago, and then, by KQED in San Francisco, and A La Carte Communications, where it aired nationally on PBS from 1983 to 1997. Known himself as "The Frugal Gourmet", Smith's nickname quickly became "The Frug". Smith always appeared wearing his "trademark" blue and white striped apron. His first cookbook, "Recipes from The Frugal Gourmet", was published in 1977. The theme music for "The Frugal Gourmet" was the Bourree movement from "Water Music" by George Frideric Handel. When Jeff Smith released his first hardcover cookbook in 1984, he hit the talk show circuit.

After the cashier has scanned all of the goods, he or she will ask the customer for payment. If the customer is paying by cash, the customer gives the cashier money, which the cashier will count to find out how much the customer is paying. He or she will then enter the amount into the cash register, which will open the cash drawer. Inside the drawer, there are different places to put each type of bill and coin (for example, all the 1-dollar bills go in one part, and all the 25 cent coins go in another part). The cashier puts the bills and coins from the customer into the right places in the drawer, and takes out bills and coins that add up to the amount of change that the customer is supposed to get. The cashier closes the drawer and gives the change and receipt to the customer.
Many modern cash registers and POS terminals also allow payments by electronic funds transfer (EFT), such as a debit card or credit card. In this case, the customer has to use a small machine next to the cash register or POS terminal that reads the data from his or her card. Depending on the type of card being used, he or she and might have to enter a personal identification number (PIN) to confirm the transaction. Many debit and credit cards now have a feature called contactless payment, which allows the user to simply tap his or her card on the reader to pay, making it quicker than other methods such as a chip or magnetic stripe. It uses radio-frequency identification (RFID) technology, which is compatible with near field communication (NFC) that is built into many mobile phones. Companies like Apple, Google, and Microsoft have all made NFC-based mobile payment systems for platforms like iOS, Android, and Windows.

Dissecting these components, it appears each element serves a purpose in its iconography of kingship. The recessed or niched façade, which appears at the bottom of the serekh, is often considered associated with the king’s ownership of large building such as a palace or tomb. This rendition would serve both to certify the king’s authority but also to acknowledge his possession of wealth. The panel, which exists between the niched façade and the falcon, is observed as the space where the king’s name is written. It’s underlying purpose is often debated, however, some claim it to be an allusion to early architectural elements such as the in many pharaonic tombs. On top of this panel, as stated earlier, is often a falcon denoting the god Horus. Horus’s presence in the serekh suggests the name inscribed in the panel as being the king’s Horus name, but the god’s association with kingship often lends credibility to the monarch. Both the Seth and Horus animals can be shown wearing a red, white, or double crown of Egypt and in some instances, appear in control of weapons. Such personification indicates the larger role played by the serekh, and potentially the use of the animal god as a representation of the king. The king himself would often be known to contain or exemplify the ‘Ka’ of Horus, which was the internal spirit that was later removed following the kings death and transitioned to fill that of the succeeding king. This retention of a godly spirit would be then be used as the deciding testament for the kings right to the throne. This relationship between the king’s Ka and the Horus god in royal serekh’s can be traced to many of the earliest texts and coalesce with the development of early writing. Until Dynasty IV, serekhs served as the only means for royal identification and later become secondary to the cartouche.

As with Pluto, the narrator experiences a great fondness for the mysterious cat, which no one has seen before. The cat becomes part of the household, much adored by his wife as well. However, following the earlier pattern, the narrator soon cannot resist feelings of hatred for the cat. These murderous sentiments intensify when the narrator discovers that the cat’s splash of white fur has mysteriously taken on the shape of the gallows, the structure on which a hanging takes place. The white fur reveals the mode of execution that claimed Pluto, and the narrator pledges revenge.
One day, descending into the cellar of the building with his wife, the narrator almost trips over the cat. Enraged, the narrator grabs an axe to attack the cat, but his wife defends the animal. Further angered by this interference, the narrator turns his rage at his wife and buries the axe in her head. Faced with the evidence of his crime, the narrator considers many options for the body’s disposal, including dismemberment and burial. The narrator eventually decides to take advantage of the damp walls in the basement and entomb the body behind their plaster. Without any difficulty, the narrator creates a tomb in n the plaster wall, thereby hiding the body and all traces of his murder. When he finally turns to the cat, it is missing, and he concludes that it has been frightened away by his anger.
On the fourth day after the murder, the police arrive unexpectedly at the narrator’s apartment. Cool and collected, the narrator leads them through the premises, even into the basement. Though facing the scene of the crime, the police do not demonstrate any curiosity and prepare to leave the residence. The narrator, however, keeps trying to allay their suspicion. Commenting upon the solid craftsmanship of the house, he taps on the wall—behind which is his wife’s body—with a cane. In response to the tapping, a long, loud cry emanates from behind the wall. The police storm the wall and dismantle it, discovering the hidden corpse. Upon its head sits the missing cat.

The Java mouse-deer's common scientific name is "Tragulus javanicus", although other classification names for it exist, including "Tragulus javanica", "Cervus javanicus", and the heterotypic synonym "Tragulus fuscatus". The Java mouse-deer is also known by many common names, including Javan chevrotain, Javan mousdeer, or Java Mousedeer. The taxonomic status of the Java mouse-deer is questionable, but recent craniometric analyses have begun to shed light on the taxonomic discrepancies. Previously, the Java mouse-deer, "Tragulus javanicus", was commonly thought to represent the wider class of large chevrotains, but it was found that these, unlike the Java mouse-deer, do not likely reside on Java. Three species groups of "Tragulus" have been identified based on craniometric skull analyses and coat coloration patterns. These three species groups are "Tragulus javanicus", "Tragulus napu", and "Tragulus versicolor". Based upon these craniometric analyses, "Tragulus javanicus" was then further separated based on the organisms’ known geographic locations: "Tragulus williamsoni" (found in northern Thailand and possibly southern China), "Tragulus kanchil" (found in Borneo, Sumatra, the Thai–Malay Peninsula, islands within the Greater Sunda region, and continental Southeast Asia), and "Tragulus javanicus" (found in Java). Thus, because of its uniqueness to the island of Java, the Java mouse-deer is now considered a distinct species, although this fact has not significantly affected its current classification.

After Charles IV there were many arguments and fights in Prague. A priest called Jan Hus said that the Catholic Church had become too powerful. He was arrested and burned at the stake in 1415. A lot of people agreed with what Hus had been saying. These people were called Hussites. They threw a lot of important Catholic people out of the window (called "defenestration"). A lot more fighting followed, and for many years Bohemia was ruled by kings who lived in other countries.
From 1526 the Habsburg family ruled Bohemia. They were Catholics and ruled the Holy Roman Empire. In 1576 the Emperor Rudolph II moved the capital from Vienna to Prague. Prague became a rich town again, and people were free to worship as Catholics or Protestants. After Rudolph II there were a lot of religious fighting and more people were thrown out of windows. Eventually the fighting became part of the Thirty Years’ War. When Ferdinand II won the fighting a lot of Protestants left the country. New buildings in Prague were built in the Baroque style. The German language, not Czech, was spoken at court. Maria Theresa was the only queen to reign over Prague. One of her 16 children was Marie Antoinette who became queen of France. When her son Joseph II ruled, people stopped fighting about religion. The people were free to speak what they thought, and there was no more serfdom. Prague now had three parts: the Old Town, the Lesser Quarter and the New Town. Famous people such as Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart visited the town often.

Harmonix, a company formed from a computer music group at MIT in 1995, released "Frequency" in 2001. The game allowed the player to control multiple instruments and gave a feeling of more creative control. The game was well-reviewed, but its abstract style did not allow the player to give a "performance" as in other games and thus proved difficult to market. "Frequency" was followed by a similar game, "Amplitude" in 2003. Harmonix later released more socially driven, karaoke-themed music games in "Karaoke Revolution" and "SingStar" (2003 and 2004 respectively). "Donkey Konga", developed by Namco for Nintendo and released in 2003 (2004 in North America) achieved widespread success due to its use of Nintendo's "Donkey Kong" franchise.
"Guitar Hero", developed by Harmonix, was released in 2005 by then relatively unknown publisher RedOctane. The game was inspired by "GuitarFreaks", but while that game had used Japanese pop music, "Guitar Hero" featured Western rock music. The game revived the rhythm genre which by this time had begun to get boring, flooded with "Dance Dance Revolution" sequels and imitators. The game had several sequels, with the franchise earning more than $1 billion in sales; the third game was the best-selling game in North America in 2007. Harmonix's later "Rock Band" franchise, which also earned in excess of $1 billion, used multiple instrument controllers and cooperative multiplayer, allowing players to play as a full band. The "Guitar Hero" franchise followed suit with "Guitar Hero World Tour", developed by Neversoft rather than Harmonix. "Guitar Hero" installments based on specific bands, such as Metallica and Aerosmith, were later published. Additional songs could be purchased on the internet and added to "Guitar Hero" and "Rock Band" games. Artists whose works have been featured in the games have also benefited from royalties and increased publicity, in turn generating further sales of their work. The success of the "Guitar Hero" and "Rock Band" franchises widened the console video game market and its demographics, with the popularity of the music game driving increased sales of consoles. In 2008, it was reported that the music game had become the second most popular video game genre in the U.S. (behind action, having overtaken sports), with 53% of players being female.

Piaget broke his stages of cognitive development of children into four stages. The stages always go in the same order. The stages also happen to children everywhere. At each stage there are key details that happen in that stage. 
The sensorimotor stage is the first stage of Piaget’s theory. In this stage, babies “think” with their eyes, ear, and hands. Children in this stage learn about the world through their senses. Piaget thought that children in this stage learn by doing the same acts over and over. These acts come from their sense experience. Piaget called this circular reaction. There are two main kinds of circular reaction: primary and secondary. One month olds use primary circular reaction. In primary circular reaction children do acts that have to do with their basic needs, like eating. Four to eight month olds use secondary circular reaction. Secondary circular reaction happens when children try to make events happen with their acts. Secondary circular reaction in children helps to control their own behavior. Eight to twelve month olds can control their behavior. In the sensorimotor stage, children gain object permanence. This happens between 8 and 12 months. Object permanence is knowing that a thing is still in existence even if the child cannot see it. Object permanence is seen in children eight to twelve months old. Object permanence can be seen in Piaget’s object hiding task. In the task a toy is hidden under a blanket. If the baby can find the toy than the baby has learned object permanence.

Narayani Sena (Gopayan) or Yadav(Ahir) Sena, the army of Lord Krishna of Dwarka Kingdom is called as the supreme sena of all time. It is described in the Mahabharat as being all of the Abhira caste. They were the basic threat to the rival kingdoms. Fearing Narayani Sena, many kings do not tried fighting against Dwarka. Because Dwarka sorted most of the threats through Krishna's politics and talent of Yadavas. Using Narayani Sena, the Yadavas extended their empire to most of India.
Krishna had offered Arjuna, the choice of selection between him or his whole army of Narayani Sena against Duryodhana. He possessed 10 million fighting Gopas who were brave fighters and were famous by the name of Narayan. In Harivansa Purana, it has been said that Gopa or Yadav are generic of the same lineage.
Before the war started in the Kurukshetra battlefield in Mahabharat (one of the two major epics of ancient India), both sides – the Kauravas and the Pandavas started out in all directions to meet various kings to solicit support. Incidentally, both Duryodhana (from Kauravas side) and Arjuna (from Pandavas side) reached Dwarika, the kingdom of Shree Krishna together. Lord Krishna put forward a condition in front of both – you can have either me on your side or my entire army, the Yadav army – known as the Narayani Sena. He also told both that he wouldn't take to any arms during the entire war. So when Krishna first asked Arjun what he wanted, much to Duryodhana's delight, he opted for the Lord- 'Narayan' and Duryodhana got these great warriors of the strong army-the Narayani Sena. When Narayani Sena was fighting for Kauravas, only Kritavarma and his army unit fought for the Kauravas. Satyaki fought for the Pandavas. The rest of the Atirathas and Maharathis were withheld from the Kurukshetra war on the advice of Balram and Krishna.
These Gopas, whom Krishna had offered to Duryodhana to fight in his support when he himself joined Arjuna's side, were no other than the Yadavas themselves, who were also the Abhiras. They were the supporters of the Duryodhana and Kauravas, and in the Mahabharata, Abhir, Gopa, Gopal and Yadavas are all synonyms. They defeated the hero of Mahabharatha war (Arjuna), and spared him when he disclosed the identity of the members of the family of Sri Krishna.

One of the featured matches was between John Cena and Sabu in an Extreme lumberjack match, a standard match with the exception that the ring is surrounded by a group of wrestlers not directly involved in it and competed under hardcore rules. On the television debut of "ECW on Sci Fi" on June 13, a brawl broke out between Rob Van Dam and Edge. Edge, who tried to leave through the "ECW" crowd, was attacked by Cena, because he caused Cena to lose the WWE Championship at ECW's One Night Stand, and Cena wanted revenge against Edge. Following the attack, Cena went to ringside where he knocked ECW Representative Paul Heyman unconscious, after Heyman awarded the win to Van Dam at One Night Stand. Following the attack, Heyman announced that all ECW superstars would be at "Raw" the next week. The next week on "Raw", Heyman appeared alongside ECW superstar, Balls Mahoney, who was booked to wrestle Cena in a match. The match was won by Cena after he made Mahoney submit. After the match, Cena was attacked by ECW wrestler, Sabu, who, in the premiere of "ECW on Sci-Fi" won a 10-man Extreme Battle Royal, (a multi-competitor match type in which wrestlers are eliminated until only one is left and declared winner) where the winner would face Cena at Vengeance in a match. Sabu beat up Cena and performed a leg drop on him, diving onto Cena and putting him through the "Raw" announcers' table. The following night on an episode of "ECW on Sci-Fi", Cena went to the "ECW" locker room, where he challenged Sabu to an Extreme lumberjack match, which Sabu accepted.

Once he established himself at West Point, Arnold began systematically weakening its defenses and military strength. Needed repairs on the chain across the Hudson were never ordered. Troops were liberally distributed within Arnold's command area (but only minimally at West Point itself), or furnished to Washington on request. He also peppered Washington with complaints about the lack of supplies, writing, "Everything is wanting". At the same time, he tried to drain West Point's supplies, so that a siege would be more likely to succeed. His subordinates, some of whom were long-time associates, grumbled about unnecessary distribution of supplies, and eventually concluded that Arnold was selling some of the supplies on the black market for personal gain.
On August 30, Arnold sent a letter accepting Clinton's terms and proposing a meeting to André through yet another intermediary: William Heron, a member of the Connecticut Assembly he thought he could trust. Heron, in a comic twist, went into New York unaware of the significance of the letter, and offered his own services to the British as a spy. He then took the letter back to Connecticut, where, suspicious of Arnold's actions, he delivered it to the head of the Connecticut militia. General Parsons, seeing a letter written as a coded business discussion, laid it aside. Four days later, Arnold sent a ciphered letter with similar content into New York through the services of a prisoner-of-war's wife. Eventually, a meeting was set for 11 September near Dobb's Ferry. This meeting was thwarted when British gunboats in the river, not having been informed of his impending arrival, fired on his boat.

The main feud going into the event for the RAW brand was between WWE Champion John Cena and Randy Orton. The feud began in July after Orton was named the number one contender for Cena's WWE Championship. At SummerSlam, Cena won against Orton, while at Unforgiven, Orton beat Cena by disqualification. Immediately after the match, acting "RAW" General Manager Jonathan Coachman, believing that Cena got himself disqualified intentionally, made a rematch between the two at No Mercy, this time in a Last Man Standing Match. On September 17, after threatening to strip Cena of his title for his actions at Unforgiven, Coachman ordered Cena's father, Mr. Cena, to face Orton in a match. The match saw Orton hit Mr. Cena with an RKO, while John was forced to watch at ringside while handcuffed to a ring rope. The next week, Coachman said that Orton had been suspended indefinitely for his actions, although he later said that Orton had simply been given the night off. The feud resumed on October 1 when Orton, who earlier appeared "via satellite from Chicago", attacked Cena after his match with Mr. Kennedy, knocking him out with an RKO on the announce table. However, during the match, Cena was legitimately injured, suffering a complete tear of his right pectoral tendon. As a result, the match was canceled, and on the October 2 version of "ECW", WWE Chairman Vince McMahon officially stripped Cena of the WWE Championship. No replacement match was ever announced, as McMahon simply stated that "a new WWE Champion will be crowned this Sunday."

"IGN" readers ranked Charmander at #37 among the best Pokémon ever. "Game Informer"s O'Dell Harmon ranked Charmander - along with Bulbasaur and Squirtle - as the "third best" Pokémon. He noted that the choice between the three was "one of the most important decisions to ever be made in "Pokémon" history." "GamesTM" noted that Charmander was the "worst starting Pokémon" in "Red" and "Blue". In the book "Dragonlore: From the Archives of the Grey School of Wizardry", author Ash Dekirk described Charmander as a "fire-breathing dragon". Author Loredana Lipperini cited Charmander as a "popular Pokémon", suggesting that its popularity comes from its fiery tail. Author Mark Jacobson found the transition from Charmander to Charizard to be "odd", questioning how a "baby" Pokémon can grow into a "two-hundred-pound monster whose breath can melt boulders." "GamesRadar+" commented that while Charmander seems "pitiful" due to its flame tail, which "burn more brightly depending on his mood/health", it grows into the "cool-looking Charizard". GamesRadar editor Brett Elston stated that while it "lacks the nuances" of later similar starting Pokémon, it has "cutesy appeal" to it. "The Escapist" editor John Funk described Charmander as "cute", using its evolution into Charizard as an example of "an extreme evolutionary change" in the series. "Chicago Tribune" editor Darryl E. Owens described Charmander as "adorable". "San Antonio-Express News" editor Susan Yerkes described Charmander as "disgustingly cute". "Teen Ink" editor Kathryn J. called Charmander her "favorite Pokémon". Allegra Frank of Polygon said that Charmander is the best Pokémon of all time. Michael Derosa of "Screen Rant" ranked Charmander as ninth of the most iconic Pokémon from Generation I. Sam Loveridge of "Digital Spy" claimed that Charmander is one of the best Pokémon starters, and further stated that "not only is Charmander an adorable starter Pokémon, he's also ridiculously powerful."

What's My Line? is a panel game show. It ran weekly in the United States. The show aired on Sunday at 10:30 p.m. EST on CBS from 1 October 1950 to 3 September 1967. Lady panelists wore floor-length dresses and jewelry. Gentleman panelists wore tuxedos. They tried to guess the jobs of everyday people by asking "yes" or "no" questions. Repartee between panelists and host John Charles Daly was witty, tasteful, and sophisticated. Regular panelists included Dorothy Kilgallen, Arlene Francis, and Bennett Cerf. A chair was open for a guest panelist. The high point of the program was the Mystery Guest. This guest was usually a well-known celebrity such as a Broadway or movie star. Sometimes the Mystery Guest was a little known person in the news such as an astronaut. Panelists wore blindfolds and tried to guess who the Mystery Guest was by asking "yes" or "no" questions. Mystery Guests changed their voices to make it hard for the panelists to know who they were. Baseball great Mickey Mantle, movie star Zsa Zsa Gabor, and future President of the United States Ronald Reagan were three of the many Mystery Guests. "What's My Line?"' won three Emmy Awards for "Best Quiz or Audience Participation Show", in 1952, 1953, and 1958. The show won a Golden Globe for "Best TV Show" in 1962. CBS stopped broadcasting the program in 1967. It returned in syndication as a daily program. This program was shown from 1968 until 1975. There have been several international versions, radio versions, and a live stage version. It is the longest-running U.S. primetime network television game program (51st).

Early on July 22, an area of low pressure formed to the east of Philippines. The system gradually drifted west over the next few days and late on July 24, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center Started Monitoring the system as a Tropical Depression. Early the next day, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) upgraded the area of low pressure into a Tropical Depression. A few hours later, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) started monitoring the system as a Tropical Depression and named it 'Juaning'. The system continued to drift westwards and strengthened rapidly, that on midnight, that day, the JMA furhter upgraded the system into a Tropical Storm, naming it Nock-Ten. Early on July 27, the JMA reported that Nock-ten continued to strengthen and upgraded it into a Severe Tropical Storm. A few hours later, the JTWC reported that Nock-ten rapidly intensified to a category 1 typhoon and made its landfall over northern Aurora (province) and started weakening. Later the same day, the JMA reported that Nock-ten has exited the Luzon island at Candon maintaining severe tropical storm strength. However, overnight, the storm rapidly weakened and the JMA downgraded it into a minor tropical storm the next day. However, on July 29, the storm gradually regained strength and approached south China coast at Qionghai, China. Later that day, the storm strengthened over land and headed north towards Hainan's provincial capital region Haikou. Over the next day, the storm drifted to the west and made landfall over Northern Vietnam. The storm weakened rapidly and at midnight that day, the JMA, issuing their final warning on the system, Downgraded it into a tropical low.

The result was the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship, a combination of the two titles though both were kept active by themselves (and thus keeping their own title histories), they were defended as one by one tag team. The champions could appear on and defend the titles on any WWE brand. Though eventually, on August 16, 2010, the World Tag Team Championship was retired in favor of continuing the history of the WWE Tag Team Championship following the introduction of new championship belts to then-champions David Hart Smith and Tyson Kidd of The Hart Dynasty. The champions continued to compete on any brand until the end of the brand extension in August, 2011. However, WWE decided to bring back the brand split in July 2016. During the draft for this, the champions at the time, The New Day, were chosen to wrestle on Raw. This meant that SmackDown didn't have a tag team title. So, SmackDown's general manager Daniel Bryan and commissioner Shane McMahon created the SmackDown Tag Team championship. After this, the WWE Tag Team Championship was renamed the Raw Tag Team Championship.
At WrestleMania 34 on April 8, 2018, the champions at the time, Cesaro and Sheamus, were going to fight Braun Strowman and a partner for him to choose. At the show, Strowman said that his partner would be a fan from the audience. Then, he went out into the crowd and picked a 10-year-old named Nicholas and they beat Cesaro and Sheamus for the titles. This made Nicholas the youngest person to ever win a championship in WWE. The two gave up the titles the next night on "Raw."

The battle started around 9:17 PM on the 23rd of January, 1813, with the British having around 500.000 Red Coats defending Castle Brexit, with 400.000 British reinforcements a few kilometers away. The French and the T-Rexes rushed the castle, but both the French and T-Rex armies had to split, with the T-Rexes to fight the French and the other flank to rush the British, while the French split to rush the British and the largest army to fight Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris defeated the French, while the T-Rexes and the other French flank breached the walls of Castle Brexit around 21:26. The Impostor Vyščín was reported dead around 21:29, and at 21:31 two nukes were dropped which cut down a large number of French forces and British defences. Following 21:32, the French besieged the Castle Gates, cutting down anyone that came out. By now the T-Rexes all died out. Around 21:34 Chuck Norris spawned a Tsunami which launched him in the air and flooded the British walls, which wiped out a large number of the French army. With the French unit besieging one of the breaches defeated, some British forces left to fight outside the gates. But during 21:35 - 21:36 a tsunami spawned in the middle of the castle which flooded all of the castle's walls killing a lot of British soldiers and destroying aa lot of catapults, with only one of the places with a breach in the wall being safe. Around 21:37 four Frenchmen betrayed their two British traitor-friends just outside of the gates, and were executed by one British corporal called Katsper. Around 21:38 a nuke-sized explosion was created on the French army by Chuck Norris, using his masculine powers. Around 21:39 another tsunami spawned, this time way larger, in the middle of Castle Brexit. Most of the British army was wiped out in the tsunami, as well as parts of the French army. Fighting continued with nukes being dropped on a few armies, with the British army being reduced to around 676 and the French army to 21256. At 21:41 a final French offensive was launched on the water-filled Castle Brexit, and they took the walls which were dry. Nukes cut down their army to 114 around 21:42, and they were drowning or being killed. The last French soldier died around 21:42, with only 572 British soldiers surviving, and Chuck Norris got kind of bored and just left after killing George Clymer.

Kongyamba and his men were waiting for Princess Thobi's return. When they saw the princess returning, his men shouted,
"Lo, the Princess is at band."
Thoibi heard the shout. She instructed her companions to sit near her if the man was Khamba but far away if the man was Kongyamba."
It was Kongyamba and not Khamba.
However, she went on. She pretended to be friendly with him. She sat on the red carpet of Kongyamba's possession. However, she placed a stick between Kongyamba and her. She asked him for fruits to eat. Kongyamba brought her fruits. But she did not eat the fruits. She pretended to get ill due to her long journey from Kabaw. Kongyamba was worried.
She asked Kongyamba to let her ride on his horse. He agreed. So, Thoibi rode Kongyamba's horse. Kongyamba rode in Thoibi's palanquin.
Surprisingly, Thoibi galloped off on the horse towards Khamba's house. Khamba received her from the long time exile at his house. They wept for their reunion.
On the other hand, Kongyamba was angry for being tricked by a girl. He tried to gain support from the King's ministers to intervene into the matter. In the meantime, Minister Thonglen and Minister Nongtholba sent men to guard Khamba and Thoibi.
The matter was set before the King in the Royal Court. The king wanted to solve the issue by the trial of the spear. During the discussion, an old man came to the meet the king. The old man informed him that a ferocious tiger was a great threat to the villagers of Khoirentak region.
The King changed his mind. He announced that the tiger will be the determining point of the matter. He added that the killer of the tiger will marry Princess Thoibi.

However, there are many exceptions to these patterns. For example, some native Japanese words with two or more kanji (usually proper nouns) use their kanji's kun-yomi, like 山口, which is pronounced "yama-guchi", even though the on-yomi for the kanji would be "san" and "kō" in that order. Sometimes, kanji only have on-yomi and have no kun-yomi. For example, the kanji 毒, which means "poison", only has the on-yomi "doku". Sometimes, compound words mix on-yomi and kun-yomi together. For example, the word 金色, which means "golden", is pronounced "kin-iro", in which the first kanji uses its on-yomi, and the second-kanji uses its kun-yomi. Sometimes, the kanji in certain compound words may not even use their kanji readings at all, but are used only to show the word's meaning. For example, the word 煙草 is pronounced "tabako", which means "tobacco" in English. This word was borrowed from Portuguese, and while the pronunciation of the word does not match either kanji, the meaning of the kanji are "smoke" and "grass" in that order, hinting at the word's meaning. There are even some words whose kanji can be used to only show a word's pronunciation and not its meaning. These are called ateji. For example, the word 亜米利加, which means "America", is pronounced "Amerika", but none of the kanji meanings have any obvious connection to America. Usually, however, words of the last kind are usually written in only katakana these days, though sometimes words like "sushi" still written in ateji, like 寿司, because Chinese tourists will recognize the ateji more easily, since the word is written the same way in Chinese.

The movie tells the story of two girls, Agnes and Elin, who go to school in the small town of Åmål. Elin is outgoing and popular, but finds her life unsatisfying and dull. Agnes, by contrast, has no friends and is constantly depressed. Agnes has a crush on Elin, but cannot find any way to express it. Agnes's parents worry about their daughter and try to make her happy. They throw a birthday party for her, but Agnes is afraid no one will come. Her friend, a girl in a wheelchair, shows up and Agnes shouts at her in front of her parents, telling her they are only friends because no one wants to make friends with either of them. Elin arrives late at Agnes's house, mainly as an excuse to avoid going to a different party, where there will be a boy she wants to avoid. Elin's older sister, Jessica, who comes with her, dares her to kiss Agnes, who is rumoured to be a lesbian. Elin fulfils the dare, and then runs away. Elin soon discovers that she is attracted to Agnes but is afraid to admit it. She pretends to be in love with Johan Hult, the boy she avoided at the start. She loses her virginity to him, but later breaks up with him, telling him that she is in love with someone else, truly she understand that boys want just sex from the girls, so she try to see around herself, and she discovers the love for Agnes. Elin and Agnes eventually show each other's feelings at the end of the movie, where, after a climactic scene in a school bathroom, they decide to "out" their relationship to all students in the school.

Mia Wasikowska (born 14 October 1989) is an Australian movie, television, and voice actress who is mostly known for her role as Alice in Tim Burton's "Alice in Wonderland". She is also known for her television role as Sophie in "In Treatment".
Wasikowska was born and raised in Canberra, Australia. She has an older sister named Jess, and a younger brother named Kai. Her mother, Marzena Wasikowska, is a photographer from Poland while her father, John Reid, is an Australian painter-and-collagist. As a child, she frequently accompanied her parents on their gallery rounds in Europe, and in her spare time, she continues to enjoy photography. She studied ballet as a child and turned to acting when she was 15. 
After some television and movie works in Australia, Wasikowska moved to Los Angeles to be in the cable drama "In Treatment". Her portrayal of a suicidal teen earned critical praise and led to more work in American movies, including "Defiance" and "Amelia". In Tim Burton's Alice, Wasikowska co-starred with Johnny Depp, Anne Hathaway, Helena Bonham Carter and carried a blockbuster movie, appearing in almost every scene. She won an AFI International Award, a Teen Choice Award and nominated an Empire Award for her performance. In 2009, it was announced that Wasikowska was cast in the Lisa Cholodenko-directed indie comedy film "The Kids Are All Right" alongside Annette Bening, Julianne Moore, Josh Hutcherson and Mark Ruffalo. Film received positive reviews from critics, and Wasikowska received Hollywood Film Festival Breakthrough Actress Award for her role. From March to May 2010, Wasikowska filmed Cary Fukunaga's adaptation of Jane Eyre, in which she starred as the title character opposite Michael Fassbender as Mr. Rochester. In 2011, Wasikowska shot the small supporting role of Shia LaBeouf's character's love interest in John Hillcoat's "Lawless". Then she filmed the lead in Park Chan-wook's English-language debut movie, "Stoker", alongside Nicole Kidman and Matthew Goode. In 2014, she starred in David Cronenberg movie titled "Maps to the Stars" with Julianne Moore, John Cusack, Robert Pattinson, Olivia Williams, and Sarah Gadon which premiered in competition for the Palme d'Or at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.

Critical reception of Puss has been well liked, with reviewers praising him in the movies and describing him as "cute", "suave", "lovable", "charismatic", "feisty", "engaging", "legendary", "an instant charmer", "a natural-born star", "a notorious adventurer", the "suavest of swashbuckling cats", and "the world's greatest feline swordfighter". He was also regarded as "smooth-talking", "heroic", "honorable", self-confident, "passionate", loyal, with "humble" origins. "Collider"s Christina Radish described Puss as "charming and unforgettable", adding that he "was a cat destined for great things". Radish said that Puss getting his own movie was no surprise, commenting that the character has a "tremendous heart", and is a "much-loved fighter". "Fantasy Magazine"s Andrew Penn Romine called Puss "equal parts rogue and hero", but Stephen Holden of "The New York Times" described the character as "this vain, spoiled, swashbuckler". According to Holden, Puss is not "as clear-cut a personality [in "Puss in Boots"] as he was" in the "Shrek" movies. "IndieLondon"s Rob Carnevale called him a "cheeky feline swashbuckler" and "Puss in Boots"s "enigmatic central character". Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" described Puss as a "dashing little kitty centerstage", "ever-bold", and "a self-deprecating, sometimes bumbling but ultimately dashing swordsman". McCarthy enjoyed Puss's "vigorous physicality" in "Puss in Boots". Neil Genzlinger of "The New York Times" called Puss "endearing", "dashing and fearless but also a tad reckless". Chrissy Iley of "The Telegraph" described him as "the world's most seductive animated cat". "IGN"s Andy Patrizio enjoyed Puss in "Shrek 2", and Scott Collura of the same website said that Puss "remains dignified and cool" in "Shrek Forever After" despite his weight gain. The character has been regarded as a source of comic relief.

in 2016, Japan Coast Guard surround an spill by a giant creature named "Shin Godzilla" as a first form attack Kamata to Ota Ward bashes cars and trucks also building wrecks, Godzilla down. Godzilla runs stop down Shinagawa to target the dinosaur-creature, Godzilla regenerates his body into 57' meter tall self, surrounded by helicopters then the civilians stop firing and escapes Godzilla in the sea. as a 118-meter tall Godzilla wrecks Kamamura to Tokyo surrounded by Apache helicopters aiming Godzilla onto the head and seems durability, Type 10 Army tanks to shoot Godzilla's leg and continue firing the JSDF vehicles, included Howitzers, fighter jets to drop an bombs at Godzilla walks explosion at himself, flung the bridge and fell some tanks. then Godzilla walks through Tokyo, B2-bombers to shoot Godzilla's back and explode his dorsal fins and getting angry with an his dorsal fin tries to glow purple breath, smokes to flaming and lasered the cities, B2s and destroy the buildings and zaps the Prime Minister and other streets, Ginza clock and others well, stops his atomic breath and rest onto Tokyo Station. next day, starting the bombing trains blow the feet, Godzilla awaked continue to destroy the drones and several buildings onto his atomic breath, then the buildings fill the explosives and slammed Shin Godzilla down the skyscrapers and unconscious. the trucks fill many coagulant with crane to freeze Godzilla, and fails, awaked Godzilla, from the rails to follows an E231 and E233 subway trains to blow Godzilla down to the Tokyo Station and finished the coagulant to freezes again the creature, Godzilla bites the trucks and trashing the station and startle to destroy again, then killed Godzilla by freeze soliding his body, Godzilla dies by a freezing solid stands. they complete the mission of Yashiori Strategy for Rando himself. then Godzilla's tail strucked by a mutated skeletons around as a statue.

In the 4th century, in a Greek village that is now part of Turkey, there was a good man who would secretly given presents to the poor to help them. He became a bishop and is called Saint Nicholas. Over the centuries, he became a very popular saint and lots of churches were named after him. He was very popular in places where there were lots of sailors. One of those places was the Netherlands. In the Netherlands and many other European countries, presents are given on the feast of Saint Nicholas, 6 December. Traditionally, the presents are not big, and are sometimes hidden, or have a funny joke or poem that must be read. In many towns of Europe a man dressed in bishop’s robes comes on a horse or in a boat, acting as St. Nicholas. His name was often shortened to Sante Claus, or Santa Claus in English.
In English speaking countries, where presents are usually given on Christmas Day, not 6 December, Santa Claus, (or Father Christmas) is usually thought of as coming on Christmas Night, when his magic sleigh is pulled across the sky by reindeer, and he comes into houses through the chimney. While in Europe, children put out their shoes for St. Nicholas, the English tradition is to hang up stockings (or long socks) in front of the fireplace. Santa Claus would traditionally fill the socks or shoes with nuts, raisins, chocolates and an orange. Nowadays children usually get much more expensive presents, and hang up pillow cases or have the presents in a big pile under the Christmas tree.

It seems that Masaccio and Masolino happily planned a scheme of frescoes that went together is a pleasing way, even though they are in two styles. It is not hard to tell which scenes Masolino painted and which were done by Masaccio. Masolino's are prettier and more elegant. Masaccio's scenes show figures that are strong and have drapes like the statues that he saw in Rome. The thing that was most different in his painting to other artists of the same time was that the figures looked very solid and three-dimensional. He was influenced by the paintings of Giotto who had worked in Florence at the "Church of Santa Croce" nearly a hundred years earlier, but whose style of painting had given way to the International Gothic style.
Apart from the "Adam and Eve" scenes, which are the smallest of the pictures, the most famous is Masaccio's picture of "The Tribute Money". This large picture is set partly against a background of mountains and a lake, and partly against the background of a town which is similar to Florence. There are three scenes from the story. In the centre of the picture is a large group, Jesus and his twelve disciples. A tax collector has come to ask for a payment, but none of the men have any money. Jesus tells Peter to go fishing in the lake. Peter looks rather annoyed, wondering what good it will do. To the left, the small figure of Peter is kneeling at the edge of the lake with a fish he has caught. Inside the fish is a coin. To the right side of the picture, Peter is shown giving the coin to the tax collector. He no longer looks argumentative. Instead, he looks humble. Masaccio has expertly shown the feelings of the characters, not only by their faces, but also through body language.

After a lot of talking to local officials by Rickey, the Royals were allowed to host a game involving Robinson in Daytona Beach. Robinson made his Royals debut at Daytona Beach's City Island Ballpark on March 17, 1946. It was an exhibition game against the Dodgers. With the game Robinson became the first African-American to openly play for a minor league team and against a major league team since the baseball color line had been put in place in the 1880s. Later in spring training, after some somewhat poor performances, Robinson was moved from shortstop to second base. This allowed him to make shorter throws to first base. Robinson's performance soon improved. On April 18, 1946, Roosevelt Stadium hosted the Jersey City Giants' season opener against the Montreal Royals. This game was the first professional game for the Royals' Jackie Robinson. In his five trips to the plate, Robinson had four hits, including a three-run home run. He also scored four runs, drove in three, and stole two bases in the Royals' 14–1 win. Robinson went on to lead the International League that season with a .349 batting average and .985 fielding percentage. He was named the league's Most Valuable Player. Although he often faced hatred while on road trips (the Royals were forced to cancel a Southern tour, for example), the Montreal fans supported Robinson. Whether fans supported or opposed it, Robinson's being on the field helped attendance. More than one million people went to games that Robinson played in 1946. The number was an amazing amount for the International League. In the fall of 1946, following the baseball season, Robinson returned home to California and briefly played professional basketball for the Los Angeles Red Devils.

Komaru Naegi and Toko Fukawa (from the first game) attempt to save the world from dangerous Monokuma robots. The events of this game take place between the second and first game, during the Despair event that seemed to kill off most of humanity. Komaru Naegi, Makoto Naegi's sister, has been trapped inside an apartment with no connection to the outside world for a year. Every day, she goes to the exit door but it seems to be locked from outside. However, one day, food was delivered to her and she banged on the door in an attempt to escape, as usual. A hostile Monokuma robot with sharp claws goes to attack her, chasing her across the locked apartment and the apartment building. She races to an elevator, which contains Byakuya Togami. He gives her a hacking gun, designed as a megaphone, and tells her to run to a nearby restaurant and find a member of the Future Foundation. Hostile Monokuma robots enter the restaurant and start attacking the customers, killing many of them. Afterwards, Komaru finds a Future Foundation member and they guide her to go to a helicopter. When she gets to the helicopter, she sees a kid wearing a Monokuma head singing. She gets onto the helicopter but a Monokuma robot tries to enter. After she solves this, another issue begins. A Monokuma robot was up front tinkering with the helicopter controls and drives them up into the sky. Her first failed execution begins, as she flies into the sky. The helicopter crashes, with Komaru surviving with minor damage to her body. A Monokuma robot appears in front of her, as more appear. She faints and wakes up in a room. The Ultimate Servant, Nagito Komaeda, enters the room and asks if she could come to the main room. When she enters, five children introduce themselves as the Lil' Ultimate's. They also introduce a new type of killing game named Demon Hunting where the Lil Ultimate's had a target hitlist. It was their objective to kill all adults and make it a kids only place. Komaru's second failed execution begins, as she falls down a hole with a parachute. Again, she survives with minor injuries. After this, she meets Toko Fukawa and her alternate self, Genocide Jill/Jack. For the rest of the game, they go on a mission to defeat the Lil' Ultimates together, and save the city from the evil Monokuma robots.

The ancient Egyptians wrote things on boats, boxes, and clay to keep track of what they had. They also put labels and pictures on things to show who owned them. Some of these labels and pictures were found in the tomb of a queen named Neithhotep and king Hor-Aha. These labels and pictures show that Neithhotep may have died during Hor-Aha's time as king. Hor-Aha buried her in a big tomb that was discovered by a man named Jacques de Morgan. Some people think that Neithhotep was Hor-Aha's mother. This would mean that she came from a place called Naqada, which was important in the past. This would also mean that Hor-Aha married a woman from Naqada to help him control that area. But in 2016, some new evidence was found that shows Neithhotep was actually a queen during the time of another king named Djer, who came after Hor-Aha. So the evidence from the tombs only proves that Neithhotep lived during Hor-Aha's time and maybe for a little while after that. The most important thing about all of this is that there is now an old tomb at Saqqara, which is near Memphis. This tomb belonged to someone who worked for Hor-Aha, and it shows how important Memphis was becoming during his time as king.
Hor-Aha was a long time ago, and not many things from his time are left today. But some things that were made during his rule show how skilled the people were. These things include copper axe heads that are very nicely made, pieces of a special kind of glass called faience, small boxes made of ivory, and white stones with writings on them. All of these things show that craftsmen were doing excellent work during Hor-Aha's time as a ruler.
The Egyptian priest Manetho, who lived over 2,600 years after Hor-Aha, wrote that Hor-Aha built a palace in the city of Memphis and was also a very skilled doctor who wrote many books about how the human body works.
The tomb of Hor-Aha is situated in a place called Umm el-Qa'ab, which is where the ancient Egyptian kings from the first dynasty were buried. It has three big rooms called B10, B15, and B19, which are right next to the tomb of Narmer's. These rooms are dug directly into the ground and have walls made of mud bricks.

Ultraman is a Seijin from the Land of Light M-78. Many Ultramen are usually red and silver (although several different colored ultra's have been seen in recent years, most of them are blue colored) and have glowing yellow eyes (except for red warriors) and they have many abilities, most of them are to fire energy beams from many positions of crossed hands. The Ultra beings’ main weakness is that they can only stay on Earth in giant form for a small time, usually not longer than three minutes, because of the small amount of energy supply (Earth's atmosphere decreases the solar energy). This is marked by a blue light on the character's body usually called the Color Timer (but Ultraseven, 21, Nexus Anphans, and Next did not have a color timer) or "warning light," which begins to blink red with increase in blinking as his energy supply goes down (and turns from grey to red) but Red warriors like Ultraseven had an orb on his head instead of a Color Timer. During this time the Ultra beings must either find a way to recharge or finish the fight as soon as possible, or forced to turn to human form, or worse, certain death. Sometimes some Ultra Warriors take them back to their home planet or when reflected sun rays by the mirrors on his color timer might charge them up. Some say another reason for Ultraman to recharge is because the Earth is badly polluted by humans, so Ultraman only has three minutes on Earth, but can survive long enough in outer space. The time limit only happens inside the Earth's atmosphere but they have none of those problems in outer space. In this case, Ultramen are almost always merged with a human host or create a human form for themselves in order to survive on Earth, more often than not reviving a recently dead person with their own lifeforce (Hikari did not revive the dead person but he controlled him). Ultra beings' also appear to be nearly immpossible to be permanently killed, as several times an Ultra being has been killed only to be revived by another member of their species. In other cases a large enough amount of energy can be provided to bring them back to life, usually provided by their human allies, even after being completely destroyed, as was the case with Mebius, death at the hands of Empera Seijin, only to be revived shortly thereafter by the life energy of his allies.

The story starts with Link in bed when a voice calls out to him. The voice is Princess Zelda's, and she asks for help escaping from Hyrule Castle before the evil wizard Agahnim can seal her away like the other maidens before her. Link's Uncle hears it too, and goes to save her. When Link follows him into the sewer, he finds his Uncle half-alive, and his Uncle gives Link his sword and shield before he dies. Link breaks Zelda out of her cell and takes her through a secret path to a sanctuary where she stays and hides. Link is told by an old man called Sahasrahla that he has to find the pendants of power, wisdom, and courage in three dungeons so he can break the seal on the ancient weapon, the Master Sword. Link finds the pendants in the Eastern Palace, the Desert Palace, and the Tower of Hera, and brings them to the Lost Woods, where he pulls the Master Sword out of its pedestal. Zelda gets kidnapped before he can get to her, and Link fights Agahnim. He and Agahnim go to the Dark World, and Link appears on top of a large pyramid. He has to find the seven crystals that have seven maidens in them, including Zelda, so he can get to Ganon's Tower. After he gets them all, he goes to the top of the tower and battles Agahnim again. He kills him, and Ganon in a bat form flies out of the corpse and into the Pyramid of Power. Link battles Ganon using the Master Sword and Silver Arrows, and eventually kills him. He finds the Triforce that Ganon used to corrupt the Golden Land, and uses it to wish everything back to normal, and Link puts the Master Sword back in the pedestal.

Eragon and Saphira bury Brom. They decide to go to the Varden to fight Galbatorix, with Murtagh who does not want to go, but will help them until they reach the Varden, but they do not know where the Varden are. They go to Gilead, another city, to find someone who knows where the Varden are. While Murtagh is in the city, he comes back and the next morning, Eragon is captured when the three are ambushed by more Urgals. His food and water is drugged to make him forget magic so he can not escape. He realizes he is being given drugs in his food and stops eating the food. Finally, the drugs wear off and Eragon can use magic to escape. He breaks out, only to find Murtagh breaking in. The two rescue an elf that is also in the prison. Her name is Arya. They are attacked by a Shade (a sorcerer controlled by evil spirits), but escape. Arya is unconscious, but Eragon can talk to her in her mind and she tells him where the Varden are. They must go across a desert to get there, and Arya is dying from a poison, so they must hurry. They finally make it to the Varden (who are hiding in the Beor Mountains with the dwarves), but on the way Murtagh tells Eragon that Murtagh is the son of Morzan, a Rider who helped Galbatorix kill the other Riders. When they get to the Varden, Murtagh is captured because he is Morzan's son, but Arya is healed. Then the Varden and their leader (named Ajihad) find out Galbatorix is attacking them with Urgals. Murtagh is released to help the Varden, which he does. There is a big battle. In it, the Shade appears. Eragon fights the Shade and, with the help of Arya and Saphira, he kills the Shade, but his back is hit with a sword by the Shade. While Eragon is unconscious, he is rescued from death by a mysterious elf, who touched his mind and blocked the pain. Eragon promises to go to the elves with Arya for more training. Eragon wakes up and finds he is scarred by Durza's strike. The book ends with Eragon promising again to himself that he will go to the elves.

During the morning of August 8, Genevieve started to track northward along the western edge of a subtropical ridge to the east and northeast.That noon, more fragmented deep convective banding revealed that Genevieve had begun a weakening trend. As the result, the JTWC downgraded Genevieve to a typhoon late on the same day, as convection surrounding the system warmed. Early on August 9, Genevieve accelerated north-northeastward, and it began to encounter increasing vertical wind shear of 35 mph (55 km/h) with subsidence along the western side and weakening outflow into the TUTT cell. The eye of the typhoon became cloud-filled, while the deepest convection around the core was also became warmer. The system began to track north-northwestward in the afternoon, when the cold dense overcast has decreased in size and become less symmetric.
Genevieve reformed a eye with more symmetric and organized convection for short time early on August 10, but the eye disappeared very soon as the system elongated further. Upper-level analysis indicated a complex environment— an anticyclone located to the southeast, a TUTT cell to the west, and a second anticyclone to the north. The TUTT cell and the first anticyclone caused strong upper-level southwestern flow and moderate vertical wind shear over the system, but the issues were offset by the quick speed of the typhoon. Tracking northwestward, Genevieve crossed 30°N at noon and began to encounter cold sea surface temperatures less than 79 °F (26 °C) which do not support tropical cyclones. At the same time, a trough expanded the region of subsidence, isolating the core from the tropical moisture along the equatorward periphery. Later, deep convection along the tightly-wrapped low-level circulation center of the typhoon diminished fast as dry air surrounded the system.

Persian mythology, the phoenix means swan, a counterpart to the Indo-European and Chinese word phoenix, and appears to be the result of an arrangement of a pheasant, a Chinese chicken, and a mixture with other mythical birds. In Persian narrations, like in Indo-European narrations, this hen is a rare and lonely hen that is not a mate and as a result, she will not give birth. Phoenix lives a thousand years, and when his life comes to an end, he produces a large pile of firewood, and when he sits on that pile, he sings so much that he rejoices in his song, and by breaking his wings and with the help of his beak, he kindles a fire, and burns in the door. Fire produces a testicle (egg) from him and thus another phoenix is ​​born. In this narrative, Phoenix is ​​the swan counterpart in European literature who ends his life by singing. Basically, in Persian literature, as in Indo-European literature, burning in one's suffering and rising from one's ashes and being born again have their way into the myth of Phoenix.
In Chinese mythological culture, the phoenix is ​​known as Feng Huang or the red bird, which is a genus of fire and is a symbol of summer and the south, which causes drought. For this reason, Phoenix contains the negative and material element of the world, namely yin, and is considered the symbol of the queen. In front of the phoenix is ​​the dragon, which is always considered to be the representative of Khaqan in Chinese mythology. According to Chinese tradition, the phoenix flies less to the surface of the earth, and when it does, all the birds gather around it. According to Koyaji about Phoenix, he does not sit on the ground, but whenever he sits on the ground, he dances on one foot. Some have suggested that the Chinese phoenix is ​​the counterpart of Shang Shang or the rainbird in the Confucian version, while the Shang Shang or rainbird is the bird that symbolizes the yin, but the phoenix is ​​commonly considered the symbol of the yang. Phoenix in Chinese mythology is a symbol of joy and happiness and a sign of heavenly satisfaction. In these myths, the dragon is the spirit of the rain and the symbol of Khaqan, and the phoenix is ​​the symbol of the queen and the south and the helper of the farmers.

Rodger went on to enroll in Pierce College but didn't stay, choosing to leave the institution after seeing too many happy couples that caused him rage. Despite his mother's encouragement to seek employment, Rodger preferred to spend his time reading at Barnes and Noble, although the sight of couples would often incite anger in him. Worried about his direction in life, his parents hired a life coach to help Rodger. Despite their attempts, Rodger was resistant to the idea of employment, asserting that the jobs available were "beneath [him]," as he considered himself an "intellectual who [was] destined for greatness." He would often sit by himself in cafes, hoping for women to approach him. After leaving Pierce College, Rodger transitioned to Moorpark College, attracted by its smaller size and more appealing aesthetics, a decision made after a visit to the campus with his mother. Rodger began becoming hopeful that the change would mark a new beginning, particularly with the prospect of meeting blond girls, and he fantasized about showing a potential girlfriend around his new college campus. However, this was short-lived, as Rodger quickly found himself feeling lonely and sad at Moorpark. He developed feelings of envy towards a couple in one of his classes. By the time he turned 19, Rodger decided to take one class, a political science course, partly relieved that the couple from his previous class was not present, although he still encountered them on campus. His discomfort was further fueled by his social anxiety, particularly when he was called upon by a professor. After completing a year at Moorpark College, he dropped out in 2010.

When King Robert returned his brother and his commanders criticized the king (as much as they dared) for risking his life that way. Robert the Bruce did not answer them. He only stared at his now broken battle-axe. Looking around the king saw English cavalry moving around their left. He pointed out the cavalry and said to Thomas Randolph "a rose has fallen from your chaplet". Immediately Randolph rode to his men and moved the schildton onto the open ground in the path of the English knights. When their leader Sir Henry Beaumont saw the Scots approaching he said "let us wait a little; let them come on; give them room." Sir Thomas Gray replied "I doubt that whatever you give them now, they will have all too soon." Sir Henry said to Thomas Gray, "if you are afraid then be off!" Sir Thomas replied "it is not from fear that I shall fly this day" and along with several other knights charged the Scottish schiltron. Many were killed, being impaled on the spears. Sir Thomas himself was captured. The remainder of the English knights surrounded the schiltron and attacked the Scots from every angle. But the schiltron held and the English in frustration began throwing their weapons at the Scots. When Sir James Douglas, commanding the left schiltron saw his friend in trouble and begged Bruce to go to his rescue. But by the time he returned to his man Randolph was winning the day. Moving forward Randolph's schiltron split the English cavalry in two. Half of the remaining English fled back to the English lines while half fled to Sterling Castle. After losing just one Yeoman, the Scots took off their helmets to rest from the heat of the day.

French also complained about how often newspapers and television said people had been "credibly accused" of rape saying that most of the people who worked for Trump had been accused of rape without any evidence but that the media insisted that they'd been credibly accused. French also criticised the newspaper, The Atlantic for having fired Kevin Williamson, saying that the reason Williamson was fired was for being a conservative. French also criticised people for saying or implying that Ben Shapiro was Alt-Right. French also complained about people saying that Shapiro was racist on the grounds that people who hated Shapiro took things that he had said and apologised for to prove that he was racist when actually reading or watching Shapiro's books and videos would make it clear that he wasn't. French also criticised Glenn Greenwald for saying that Bari Weiss had devoted her life to trying to get professors who criticized Israel fired, saying that he knew Greenwald's statement wasn't true because he was there. French also praised Jordan Peterson saying that Peterson's book helped a lot of people realise how important the Bible was. French also said that YouTube should not have stopped Steven Crowder from making money from his videos but that the government should not stop YouTube from being able to make that choice. French said that Prager University did a lot of good work but he criticised Dennis Prager for being too pro-Trump. French said that he liked Trump's Pro-Life laws but that he believed George W. Bush did more for the Pro-Life movement. French supported Trump's decision to kill Iran's General Qassam Solemeini saying that Solemeini was an acceptable military target that it was not ,in fact, an assassination, under the law's definition.

The start of the 2011 Australian Open saw all the seeds make it to the second round. But Gulbis, Querrey, who lost in the fifth set 8–6 and Davydenko did not win. Montanes, Fish, Monfils, Baghdatis, Tsonga, Bellucci and Nalbandian won their matches in the final set. The second round saw Michaël Llodra lose to qualifier Milos Raonic, Feliciano López who went out to Wildcard Bernard Tomic, Juan Mónaco lost to Robin Haase, Fish lose to Robredo and Montanes lost to Malisse. While Nalbandian had to retire against Berenkis and Bellucci lost 8–6 in the final set to Hernych. Youzhny, Verdasco, Almagro and Federer all survived final set deciders to progress to the third round. Raonic continued his form from the previous round as he upset Youzhny this time in four sets, the biggest upset to date. While Alexandr Dolgopolov upset Tsonga, coming back two sets to one down. The third round is also where the seeds meet for the first time, so Garcia–Lopez, Baghdatis, Gasquet, Ljubicic and Troicki all exited to higher seeds. Although Stanislas Wawrinka who was the nineteenth seed managed to defeat Gaël Monfils the twelfth seed in straight sets. While Marin Čilić, semifinalist from 2010 defeated John Isner 9–7 in the final set. The fourth round saw Ferrer end Raonic's run, and Dolgopolov edge out Soderling in the final set for the biggest upset in the tournament to date. There were also wins for Berdych, Djokovic, Federer, Murray and Nadal, all except Federer eliminated other seeds. There was one other upset as nineteenth seed Wawrinka beat Roddick in straight sets.

The leader of the Nazis Adolf Hitler wanted to a create a country where all Aryans were treated equally. They spent heavily on poorer people and began several huge government programs to help Germany deal with the unemployment and economic crisis caused by the Wall Street Crash of 1929 and the Great Depression which followed it. Some Nazis, such as Ernst Röhm, wanted the reforms to go further and called for a revolution, eliminating economic classes in Germany and for the government to take control of major businesses. Many of these Nazis were murdered on Hitler's orders during the Night of the Long Knives because they were a threat to his leadership of the Nazi Party.
In a September 18, year 1939 editorial, "The New York Times" reacted to the signing of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact by declaring that "Hitlerism is brown communism, Stalinism is red fascism" The editorial further opined:
The world will now understand that the only real 'ideological' issue is one between democracy, liberty and peace on the one hand and despotism, terror and war on the other.
The Nazis blamed the Jewish people for Germany's defeat in World War I. This is known as the Stab in the Back Myth. The Nazis also blamed the Jewish people for rapid inflation and practically every other economic woe facing Germany at the time as a result of their defeat in World War I. For this reason, the Nazis not only viewed the Jewish people as inferior to them, but as oppressors of the Aryan people who were creating inequality. The Nazis' tactic of lazily albeit effectively blaming the Jewish people for all of Germany's problems is a propaganda tactic known as scapegoating and was used to justify the great atrocities committed by the Nazis against the Jewish people.

In 1983, Nintendo, a relatively small arcade company, released the Family Computer (Famicom for short) in Japan. It ended up selling really good, but Nintendo kept it in Japan. Nintendo then thought about using Atari, who was dominating the North American video game market, to distribute the system. Plans changed though when the Video game crash of 1983 happened. The crash was because of too many consoles, poorly made games, and bad business practices. All the gaming companies began to lose money, and everyone in North America stopped buying video games. Nintendo, though, still thought they could have a chance to bring the Famicom to North America. In early 1985, at an electronics show, they showed off the Advanced Video System, which looked more futuristic, used wireless controllers, and looked much different than other gaming consoles. It received a lot of attention, but no one bought anything. Nintendo then renamed the system the "Nintendo Entertainment System" and made it look like a VCR. In October 1985, Nintendo decided to rent a small warehouse in New York City and quietly launched the console. Nintendo wasn't sure if it would work, but released it anyway. Some launch titles were Super Mario Bros., various sports games, and ported arcade games like Donkey Kong. It also came packaged with R.O.B. the Robot. It would turn out to be a huge success, and the gaming industry was revived. It would sell over 60 million units. The console after it was called the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and it launched in 1991, but the NES would still be supported until 1995.

In 1764 he and Adam Babcock, another young New Haven merchant, became partners. Using the profits from the sale of the family house, they bought three ships and started trading with the West Indies. Arnold brought his sister Hannah to New Haven to work in the apothecary business when he was not there. He traveled a lot for his business, throughout New England and from Quebec to the West Indies, often running of one of his own ships. On one of his voyages, Arnold fought a duel in Honduras with a British sea captain who had called him a "damned Yankee, destitute of good manners or those of a gentleman." The captain was wounded after in the first part duel, and apologized after Arnold threatened to aim to kill on the second part.
The Sugar Act of 1764 and the Stamp Act of 1765 limited trade in the colonies. Because of the Stamp Act, Arnold joined groups of people who did not like those taxes. He also joined the Sons of Liberty, a secret organization. The Sons of Liberty sometimes used violence. At first, Arnold did not go to protests in public. Like many merchants, Arnold opposed the Stamp Act by continuing his trading business without paying the tax. This meant he was a smuggler. Arnold also lost much of his money. He owed £16,000 and some creditors told people that he was bankrupt. He sued them. 
On the night of January 28, 1767, Arnold and members of his crew, watched by a crowd of Sons of Liberty, attacked and beat up a man whom they thought had told the government that Arnold was smuggling. Arnold was convicted of disorderly conduct and fined the relatively small amount of 50 shillings. This sentence was very light. This might have been because many people knew about the case and agreed with Arnold.

Trump began his career at his father's real estate company, Elizabeth Trump & Son. He later renamed the company The Trump Organization, which has its headquarters at 40 Wall Street. The company focused on middle-class rental housing in Brooklyn, Queens, and Staten Island. One of Trump's first projects, while he was still in college, was the revitalization of the foreclosed Swifton Village apartment complex in Cincinnati, Ohio. His father had purchased it for $5.7 million in 1962. Trump became closely involved in the project. With a $500,000 investment, he turned the 1200-unit complex with a 66 percent vacancy rate to 100 percent occupancy within two years. In 1972, the Trump Organization sold Swifton Village for $6 million.
Trump has developed many real estate projects. They include Trump International Hotel and Tower in Honolulu, Trump International Hotel and Tower in Chicago, Trump International Hotel and Tower in Toronto, and Trump Tower in Tampa. In Fort Lauderdale, Florida, one Trump construction project was put on hold in favor of another (Trump International Hotel and Tower in Fort Lauderdale). Trump Towers in Atlanta was being developed in the housing market, however the project fell after the 2008 recession and instead buildings that didn't belong to Trump were built.
In its October 7, 2007 "Forbes" 400 issue, "Acreage Aces", "Forbes" valued Trump's wealth at $3 billion. Since 2011, his net worth has been estimated from $2 billion to $7 billion. "Forbes" estimated his net worth at $3.1 billion in 2019.

They are descended from old warriors of Khas Kingdom. Chhetri dominated the military forces of Shah dynasty of Nepal. The 6 main Chhetri families at Royal court of Nepal formed group called Kaji Khalak (Aristocrats). They are; Basnyat, Pande, Karki, Thapa,Khadka,Kunwar and Bista. Basnyat, Pande and Thapas were most powerful Chhetri groups led by Shivaram Singh Basnyat, Kalu Pande and Birbhadra Thapa at the Unification of Nepal. The Kunwars were led by Ramkrishna Kunwar and Bista/Bisht were led by Gajabal Bista and Atibal Bista. Sometimes, Bhandari Kshetri family of Jaswanta Bhandari was also considered as Kaji Khalak family of the Royal court of Nepal.
In the court struggle for power, Pande Khalaks and Thapa Khalaks were fierce opponents. They often opposed each other. Pandes were supported by Basnyats due to blood relations. Thapas were supported by Kunwars due to blood relations. In the end, Kunwars betrayed Thapa groups by murdering the Thapa leader Mathabar Singh Thapa. That caused Kunwars to rise to power and all Kshetris were thrown of power. The Kunwar high rank officers escalated quickly between 1841 AD to 1854 AD. Kunwars claimed royalty and changed their surname to "Rana" (meaning: King) from "Kunwar" (meaning: Prince). In 1951AD, democracy was established and Kshetri rule were stopped.
According to 2011 Nepal census, Kshetri stands as the most populous group in Nepal with 16.6% of Nepal's population (or 43,98,053 peoples).
Kshetris are the second largest Hindu group with Hindu population of 43,65,113 (99.3% of Kshetris) as per the 2011 Nepal census. Kshetris are largest group in 20 districts in Nepal. Kathmandu consists largest Kshetri population.

The Republic of Croatia was a republic within the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in 1990 and 1991. The creation of a republic based on democracy occurred in 1990 when elections were held. Franjo Tuđman was elected President of Croatia that year. He promised independence if reforms were not introduced. While generally heading towards independence, the government attempted negotiations with the Serbian government one last time: the idea was to create a confederal Yugoslavia where Croatia and other republics would be autonomous and powers would be decentralized. This was not accepted.
From 1990 to 1991, Croatia faced political crisis within Yugoslavia as Serb-populated areas attempted to form an enclave called Serbian Krajina which intended to separate from Croatia if Croatia itself attempted to separate. The Serb leadership in Krajina refused to recognize the government of the Republic of Croatia as having sovereignty over them. The crisis began with the Log Revolution as Croatian Serbs cut down trees which they used to block roads. This hampered Croatian tourism and caused alarm in the province of Dalmatia as Croatia was hosting the 1990 European Athletics Championships in Split.
Croatia's status as a constituent republic ended in 1991. In a referendum on independence, a majority of Croatians wanted independence from Yugoslavia (93% of the total number of votes). Serb-controlled areas of Croatia became part of the unrecognized Republic of Serbian Krajina, which would not be under Croatian control until 1995. Its main part was liberated by Croatian forces in 1995 (Operation Storm); a part remained in eastern Slavonia under United Nations (UN) administration until its peaceful reincorporation into Croatia in 1998.

March was an inactive season, with only one tropical depression forming, Chedeng, which made landfall in Mindanao, before dissipating in the Sulu Sea, where wind shear was destructively high.
No storms in April formed, but May had 4 tropical depressions were monitored by the Japan Meteorological Agency, but were short lived and never intensified.
June was inactive, starting off with a tropical depression on June 24, where it was named Tropical Depression Dodong by PAGASA, and intensified to become Tropical Storm Sepat after absorbing a nearby tropical depression in the South China Sea, but this storm was never recognized by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center. Sepat headed off to Japan, becoming an extratropical cyclone after. Tropical Depression 04W formed on June 27, where it was named Egay by PAGASA. Egay intensified into a tropical storm (only a tropical depression for the JMA and PAGASA) before weakening to a remnant low east of Taiwan.
July was also fairly inactive, in which no typhoons formed. After Tropical Storm Egay dissipated, a new tropical depression in the South China Sea absorbed its remnants and became Tropical Storm Mun. Mun then made landfall in Hainan, where it caused minimal damages. In mid-July, Tropical Depression Falcon formed, becoming Tropical Storm Danas, which was confusing for many agencies, since it was battered by wind shear, and PAGASA announced that Danas (Falcon) looped over the landmass, while JMA and JTWC just announced the system was just stationary east of Cagayan. The blown off cloudiness split into 2 separate systems, but Danas re-absorbed the other one, while the one in the South China Sea intensified into Tropical Depression Goring, where it affected Taiwan and Batanes. Tropical Depression Goring's remnants was absorbed by a new system, where it became Tropical Storm Nari and headed for Japan.

As the book opens, Bella is driving a Mercedes Guardian that Edward has bought to protect her from getting into trouble. After informing Bella's parents of their engagement, Bella and Edward marry in a traditional wedding ceremony. The wedding has a minor disturbance during a confrontation between Jacob, Bella and Edward. Not wanting to spoil her wedding day, Bella puts aside her disappointment in Jacob's unpleasantness. Edward and Bella soon depart for their honeymoon off the coast of Brazil. Edward then fulfills Bella's wish and makes love to her. The next day they argue because Edward's passionate lovemaking leaves dark bruises all over Bella's body. He then refuses to make love to her while she is still human. Meanwhile, she has a recurrent dream of a small, green-eyed boy that she feels compelled to protect she also has dreams of her and Edward making love. Bella also finds herself constantly hungry and sick. But soon after Bella awakes in the middle of a dream crying; Edward asks whats wrong and instead of telling him she decices to show him and kisses him very passionately and Edward gives in. They have made love multiple times and upon seeing a box of unused tampons in her suitcase, she realizes that her period is late and she is pregnant. Though Bella has longed for a child, she becomes immediately attached to her baby when she becomes aware of its existence. Edward, however, is only concerned for her health, and after hearing stories from a local woman (who suspects that Edward is a vampire) of similar situations that resulted in the mothers' deaths, Edward wants to get rid of the baby. Book one ends as Edward prepares to bring Bella home where he says that Carlisle will "take care of it," and as Bella secretly calls Rosalie for help.

One day Ngambawm plucked a single hair of Khupching and he placed it under a stone which was near a waterfall of a stream.Khupching fell ill since then.Her mother decalred that if someone could cure her he will be her husand. When he heard this news ngambawm took back the hair from under the stone and put it back into Khupching’s head. Ngambawm cured her but her parents still refused him marriage to her. Ngambawm again took back and he put it under the stone nearby stream once again. She became ill bagain. Her parents again promised the same as before to one who could cure her. He took the hair and put it back into her head and she was cured. In this way he cured her many times.But her parents were adamanat not to mary her off to him. Ngambawm again hid her hair under a stone unfortunately this time her hair was lost in the running stream. So Khupching fell ill and died. When the body was about to be buried her body swelled like a big balloon and the people could not extricate out of the house. The people were flabber-gasted and amazed about this phenomenon. No one could solve the problem. So they requested Ngambawm to come and help them out. Ngambawm spoke to the corpse saying “Darling we are separated but this is the will of God, make your self small again and get out of the the door”. After that the corpse became small and was able to get out the door easily. Once again the corpse refused to get out of the entrance of the gate of the house by swelling big. again. Ngambawm said “Darling, make yourself small again one more and get out of the entrance gate of the house.” After that the corpse was easily taken out of the entrance gate.After Khupching was buried Ngambawm returned to his house filled with tears.

The German physician, physicist and chemist Julius Lothar Meyer developed a table of elements of a horizontal form in 1862 and an expanded version in 1864 Julius Lothar Meyer. And after the Russian chemist Dmitry Ivanovich Mendeleev published a draft version of the Periodic Table of Chemical Elements of vertical form in 1869, Julius Lothar Meyer published the vertical form of the Periodic Table of Elements of his edition in 1870. Thus, an important difference between the Periodic Table of Elements according to Meyer and the Periodic Table of Elements according to Mendeleev became apparent. But Mendeleev from 1970-1971 began to display his edition of the Periodic Table of Elements only in horizontal form. It is likely that the unnatural separation of the first elements in the periods from the subsequent elements by meticulous scientists and ordinary people would not be perceived as an unnatural soaring. 
Meyer ended the periods on an element of the group of alkaline earth metals. And Mendeleev ended the periods on the element of the halogen group. Therefore, in Meyer's Periodic Table of Elements there are no gaps between the first 1, 2 or 3 elements and subsequent elements in the second and subsequent periods. In the Periodic Table of Elements according to Mendeleev, the first two (after the discovery of noble gases in 1902 - three) elements hang unnaturally above the subsequent elements of the periods, there is no such incident in the Periodic Table of Elements according to Meyer.
The Swiss chemist Alfred Werner published his own edition of the horizontal form of the Periodic Table of Elements in 1905, where he finished the periods on the element of the noble gases group. Where the first two elements in the periods were displayed in isolation from the subsequent elements of the periods. Many scientists attributed this edition of the Periodic Table of Elements to Mendeleev.

For the expansion of the Swaraj, conflict with the Mughals was inevitable. Emperor Aurangzeb appointed his uncle Shaista khan to the viceroyalty of the Deccan, ordering him to invade Shivaji Maharaj’s dominions. Shaista khan left Ahmednagar in February 1660 and arrived in Pune on 10th May 1660. He decided to capture the fort of Chakan to obtain supplies. The Mughals captured the fort of Chakan. Shaista khan captured Swaraj's territories -Pune, Supe. He set up his camp at Lal Mahal in Pune. The Mughal army began to ravage the regions around Pune. Shaista khan adopted the strategy to occupy as much of Shivaji Maharaj’s dominions as possible. Forces were dispatched to invade the Konkan region below the Ghats. Kalyan and Bhiwandi were captured by the Mughal army. Shaista Khan appointed Kartalabkhan on an expedition to the North Konkan. Shivaji Maharaj humbled the Khan in Umbarkhind. Shivaji Maharaj left Netaji Palkar to defend the North Konkan and he marched southwards and captured Dabhol, Chiplun, Sangameshwar, Rajapur, Palavani, and Shringarpur. Two years had passed but Shaista khan still would not think of leaving Pune. Naturally, this harmed the population. Intending to drive Shaista khan out of Pune, Shivaji Maharaj devised a bold plan. On 5th April 1663, Shivaji Maharaj raided Lal Mahal. In this raid, Shaista khan lost his fingers. He left Pune and shifted his camp to Aurangabad. The successful attack on Shaista khan resulted in an immense increase in Shivaji Maharaj's prestige and fame. It also had an impact on the people and their faith in the capabilities of Maharaj was strengthened even further.

Grover is undercover once again, this time at a military school, where he discovers two children, Nico and Bianca di Angelo, that he suspects are half-bloods. In the excitement of his discovery, Grover asks Percy to come and help him safely bring the half-bloods to camp half-blood. In the process of trying to get to the di Angelos, a manticore (Dr. Thorn) attempts kidnaps Percy, Bianca, and Nico, only to lose them to Thalia, Annabeth, and Grover. As they battle Dr. Thorn, the Hunters of Artemis step in and rid of the monster by making him trip off a cliff, which led to the loss of Annabeth, her being on Thorn's back. Artemis leaves her Hunters to be escorted to Camp Half-Blood by Percy, Grover, and Thalia. Artemis is then kidnapped, which means that a quest must be launched to save her. That quest consists of Grover, Bianca (who is a new Hunter of Artemis), Zoe Nightshade (The chief Hunter of Artemis), Thalia, and Percy, who journey across the country to Mt. Tampalais. On the way, Grover is involved in several situations where Pan, god of the Wild, speaks to him. The first was in Cloudcroft, New Mexico, where the presence of Pan made the birds on Grover's coffee cup and a rubber rat come to life, also bringing a giant wild boar to help Percy, Thalia, him, Bianca and Zoe escape the skeletal army. The second incident happened when Grover was alone. Pan spoke to him, saying, "I await you." Both times, Grover was drinking coffee, so he and the other satyrs believe that this had something to do with Pan's appearance.

FC Twente was founded on 1 July 1965 as a combination of Sportclub Enschede and Enschedes Boys. The two professional football teams in Enschede at that time (Sportclub Enschede and Enschedese Boys) had both money problems and were forced to merge. FC Twente started in the Eredivisie (highest Dutch league) and within a few years they were part of the top of Dutch football. Between 1970 and 1980 they came close to several prizes, but they always lost the final. In 1974 the ended second in the Eredivisie and in 1975 the lost the Dutch cup final as well as the UEFA Cup final (after beating Juventus in the semi-final). Only in 1978 they won the Dutch Cup (by beating PEC Zwolle in the final with 3-0). In the next decade (1980-1990) the club went down hill, with the relegation to the Eerste Divisie (second tier of Dutch football) in 1983 as all-time low. Twente was back in the Eredivisie within a year however. In the nineties Twente played a modest role in Dutch football, usually ending around the 5th place in the Eredivisie. 
In the first decade of the 21st century the golden era started. In 2001 FC Twente won the Dutch cup by beating PSV Eindhoven in the final with a penalty shootout. This victory caused huge celebrations in the eastern part of the Netherlands. This showed the popularity of the club in the region, eventhough FC Twente almost never wins a prize. In 2003 the club almost went bankrupt and Joop Munsterman took over as chairman. He understood the potential of this club and developed a plan to increase the sportive, economic and social capacity of Twente. In 2008 the stadium size was increased from 13,500 to 24,000 seats. In 2011 the stadium was further increased to 30,000 seats. FC Twente again played on the top of the Dutch league, resulting in their first national title in 2010. Also the Intertoto Cup was won in 2006, the Johan Cruijff Schaal was won in 2010 and 2011 and the Dutch cup in 2011. In these years FC Twente also started a social programm to help unemployed people to find a job, encourage handicaped people to do sports and to give away free seats in the stadium to people that cannot afford a ticket.

Augustine Azuka Okocha ( ; born 14 August 1973), commonly known as Jay-Jay Okocha, is a Nigerian former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. He played 73 times for the Nigeria national team between 1993 and 2006, scoring 14 times, and was a member of three FIFA World Cup squads. He is considered as one of the greatest football players from Africa. Okocha is gifted with remarkable technique and speed, he is regarded as one of the best dribblers in history. In addition, he was also an expert in long-range shots and set pieces.
In 1990 Okocha moved as a youth player from the Nigerian club Enugu Rangers to then third division club Borussia Neunkirchen. There he made his debut as a 17-year-old in the Oberliga team . Already in his first season in Neunkirchen he caused a sensation with his dribbles and goals, sometimes from more than 30 meters goal distance in the Oberliga Südwest. This did not go unnoticed by the then coach of league rivals Eintracht Trier, Dragoslav Stepanović, who steered him to Frankfurt in 1992, where he first played as a contract amateur for Eintracht Frankfurt and on September 26, 1992 against Werder Bremen for the first time in the. Bundesliga accrued. He became known for sensational dribbles and made the headlines. His goal to make it 3-1 against Karlsruher SC in the Bundesliga game on August 31, 1993 was spectacular: he played around the opposing defenders in the penalty area and made goalkeeper Oliver Kahn run back and forth several times with body tricks and sudden changes of direction before he finally got the ball shot in goal. The viewers of the sports show voted this goal goal of the year 1993.

The first Spanish soldiers arrived in the city on November 15, 1533. Spanish "conquistador", or "conqueror", Francisco Pizarro, however, officially refounded Cusco on March 23, 1534, naming it the "Very noble and great city of Cusco". The many buildings constructed after the Spanish conquest have Spanish influence with a mix of Inca architecture. The Spanish made a new city on the foundations of the old Inca city, replacing Incan temples with churches and palaces for the Spanish. In the colony, the city of Cusco was very rich, thanks to the agriculture, cattle raising, mining and trade with Spain. Many churches and convents were built, and even a Cathedral, and the Universidad Nacional San Antonio Abad del Cusco.
The major earthquake that hit Cusco in 1950 badly destroyed the Dominican Priory and Church of Santo Domingo, which were built on top of the impressive Koricancha (Temple of the Sun). The city's Inca architecture, however, survived the earthquake. Many of the old Inca walls were thought to have been lost after the earthquake, but the granite walls of the Koricancha were exposed, as well as many walls throughout the city. While some wanted to restore the buildings to their colonial splendor, some of Cusco citizens urged city officials to retain the exposed walls. Eventually they won out and now tourists from around the world enjoy looking at these ruins within the living city. The 1950 earthquake was the second time that the Dominican Priory had been destroyed, the first being in 1650 when another major earthquake struck Cusco.

The original equations dealt with a kind of vibrating body that would produce a wave, a little like the way a reed in an organ would produce a sound wave of a characteristic frequency. So there was motion back and forward (like the vibrating of a reed) and there was an emitted wave that could be graphed as a sine wave. Much of what had earlier been figured out about physics on the level had to do with electrons moving around nuclei. When a mass moves in an orbit, when it rotates around some kind of a hub, it has what is called "angular momentum." Angular momentum is the way that something like a merry-go-round will continue to rotate after people have stopped pushing it. The math used for phase calculations and angular momentum is complicated. On top of that, Heisenberg did not show all of his calculations in his 1925 paper, so even good mathematicians might have trouble filling out what he did not say.
Even though many physicists said they could not figure out the various math steps in Heisenberg's breakthrough paper, one recent article that tries to explain how Heisenberg got his result uses twenty math-filled pages. Even that article is not easy to understand. The math started with some really hard stuff and would eventually produce something relatively simple that is shown at the top of this article. Getting the simpler result was not easy, and we are not going to try to show the process of getting from an outdated picture of the universe to the new quantum physics. We need just enough detail to show that almost as soon as Heisenberg made his breakthrough a part of how the universe works that nobody had ever seen before came into view.

After Mr. Stark's death, Peter becomes very sad but vows to become stronger to honor him. He and Ned go on a class trip to London where he becomes close with another classmate, MJ, who becomes his girlfriend. Peter also encounters Quentin Beck, who initially seems like a good person and calls himself Mysterio, but is actually a scientist who used to work for Stark's company and was fired due to being crazy. After Peter is tricked into giving some technology to Mysterio, Ned and MJ give him clues on how to stop Mysterio. Peter has to rescue the two from Mysterio and defeats him, but Mysterio leaks Peter's identity as Spider-Man to the public and tricks "newscaster" J. Jonah Jameson into thinking that Peter/Spider-Man killed Mysterio and caused all the damage.Peter is later found not guilty, but his fame as Spider-Man negatively affects his life, as well as those of Ned, MJ, and Aunt May. He goes to Dr. Stephen Strange to try and make everyone forget he is Spider-Man, but due to trying to make some last-minute changes to have MJ, Ned, and Aunt May remember, the spell backfires and brings a few villains from other universes who know Peter is Spider-Man into this universe. Dr. Strange is mad and wants Peter, MJ, and Ned to find the villains, but after learning that the villains will most likely die fighting their versions of Spider-Man, Peter fights with Dr. Strange over this and wants to make the villains good again. He cures Doc Ock, but the Green Goblin, who has two personalities, has his bad personality come out and free the villains, also killing Aunt May. Peter's friends, as well as two other versions of himself from the other universes, "Peter Two" and "Peter Three", make him feel better and help him track down and cure all the bad guys. The only way everything can be fixed now is if Peter has everyone forget who he is, even his friends and family, but Peter says it's okay to Dr. Strange, saying goodbye to MJ and Ned but promising to find them. After the spell is fixed and sends everyone home, Peter goes on his own way as Spider-Man.

In 1966 she won her first "international" races in Prato and Adria (Rovigo). These victories allowed her to wear the blue jersey of the national team for the first time at the Nürburgring World Championships in Germany, where she was the youngest participant. In 1967 she won seven road victories, as well as a second place in the National Elite Road Championship. She won her first Italian track pursuit title in Lanciano. In 1968 she participated in the world championships held in Imola, and placed third. She won the Italian championships on the road and on the track (pursuit and speed). Also, she set a world record for 3 km on track at the Olympic Velodrome in Rome with a time of 4'09 "3. In 1969, she was confirmed Italian champion on the road and on the track. She competed in 34 races and won 11. She began to compete abroad. In 1970, at the Road World Championships in Leicester, she finished second behind the Soviet Anna Konkina. Also in 1970 she won the national track championships and came in second at the national road championships. In 1971, again at the world championships held in Mendrisio, she came second again. She won the national road race, as well as finished in second place at the national track pursuit championships.. In 1972, in Bassano del Grappa, she won the title of speed and that of the pursuit, while she was third on the road. She was second on the road in 1973. In 1974 she won the Giro of Varese, and finished third in the road championships. In 1976 he won the Alfredo Binda Trophy in Cittiglio.

All of the political parties of the opposition—after the conclusion of the emergency—fought together against the Congress, under the umbrella of the Janata Party, in the general election of 1977, and were successful in defeating the Congress. Subsequently, Morarji Desai—a former deputy prime minister—became the first non-Congress prime minister of India. The government of prime minister Desai was composed of groups with opposite ideologies, in which unity and co-ordination were difficult to maintain. Ultimately, after two and a half years as PM; on 28 July 1979, Morarji tendered his resignation to the president; and his government fell. Thereafter, Charan Singh—a deputy prime minister in Desai's cabinet—with outside, conditional support from Congress, proved a majority in Lok Sabha and took oath as prime minister. However, Congress pulled its support shortly after, and Singh had to resign; he had a tenure of 5 months, the shortest in the history of the office. In 1980 Indian general election, after a three-year absence, the Congress returned to power with an absolute majority. Indira Gandhi was elected prime minister a second time. During her second tenure, Operation Blue Star—an Indian Army operation inside the Golden Temple, the most sacred site in Sikhism—was conducted, resulting in reportedly thousands of deaths. Subsequently, on 31 October 1984, Gandhi was shot dead by Satwant Singh and Beant Singh—two of her bodyguards—in the garden of her residence at 1, Safdarjung Road, New Delhi.

The history of saffron growing reaches back more than 3,000 years. The wild plant from which the saffron crocus came was called "Crocus cartwrightianus". Humans began choosing wild plants that had long "stigmas". Gradually, a form of "C. cartwrightianus", "C. sativus", came into being in the late Bronze Age Crete. Experts believe that the first document to mention saffron is a 7th-century BC Assyrian book about botany which was written in the time of Ashurbanipal. Since then, we have found evidence for the use of saffron in the treatment of about 90 illnesses during the past 4,000 years.
The Minoans had pictures of saffron in their palaces as long ago as 1500–1600 BC, showing how it could be used as a medicine. Later, Greek legends told of sea voyages to Cilicia, where adventurers hoped to find the world's most valuable saffron. Another legend tells how someone named Crocus was bewitched and transformed into the original saffron crocus. Ancient Mediterranean peoples - including perfumers in Egypt, physicians in Gaza, townspeople in Rhodes, and the Greek "hetaerae" courtesans- used saffron in their perfumes, ointments, potpourris, mascaras, divine offerings, and medical treatments.
In late Hellenistic Egypt, Cleopatra used saffron in her baths to make her feel good. Egyptian healers used saffron as a treatment for all varieties of gastrointestinal ailments. Saffron was also used as a fabric dye in such Levant cities as Sidon and Tyre. Aulus Cornelius Celsus prescribes saffron in medicines for wounds, cough, colic, and scabies, and in the mithridatium. Such was the Romans' love of saffron that Roman colonists took their saffron with them when they settled in southern Gaul, where it was extensively cultivated until Rome's fall. Competing theories state that saffron only returned to France with 8th century AD Moors or with the Avignon papacy in the 14th century AD.

At this point in the siege, Lee's army had strengthened the Petersburg line. They dug breastworks out of rifle pits. At night, with pick and shovel, they then turned the breastworks into deep trenches. Pointed stakes turned outwards were designed to break up any frontal attacks. The area between the two lines became a no man's land. The summer that year was hot and dry. Streams and springs were quickly drying up causing a water shortage on both sides. The siege was quickly becoming a stalemate.
At a part of the Union line that was only from the Confederate line, the 48th Pennsylvania regiment was dug in. They were below the top of a ridge and part of their lines could not be seen by Confederates, blocked by the terrain. The 48th Pennsylvania regiment was made up of anthracite coal miners. Their commander heard his men remark, "We could blow that damned fort out of existence if we could run a mine shaft under it!" He passed the idea up to Burnside who agreed to the idea and digging started on June 25. Confederates on the ridge began to hear the sounds of picks and shovels under them. They dug several listening shafts. But when the digging sounds stopped on 23 July, they quit looking and dismissed any danger from mining. By the afternoon of July 28 the explosives were ready. Burnside's Fourth Division, including nine regiments of African American troops were trained to bypass the crater the explosion would cause and attack immediately after the explosion. These were fresh troops and their morale was high. At the last minute, Burnside's plan was changed by his commander General Meade to send in white troops. Meade said he did not want to be responsible for the "massacre" of colored troops.

After the coronation, Shivaji Maharaj marched to the conquest of Phonda near Goa and captured it in April 1675. Then the Marathas captured Ankola and Shiveshwar which was followed by the annexation of Kolhapur. After that Shivaji Maharaj accomplished 'Dakshin Digvijay'. Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj planned to carry his army to the east coast in the South and conquer the province of Adilshahi Karnataka. He undertook the Karnataka expedition in 1677. Karnataka was famous for its riches. It was ill-defended by the Adilshah. Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj went to Golkonda to meet the Qutubshah. He entered into a treaty of friendship with him. In April 1677 he set out for the Adilshahi Karnataka. He captured Jinjee and proceeded to Vellore. The city withstood a long siege. The eastern portion of the south was mostly held by nobles of the Adil shahi kingdom. Vyankoji, Shivaji Maharaj’s stepbrother had carved out a principality for himself at Thanjavur. At Tirumalvadi, on the northern bank of the Coleroon, Vyankoji met Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj. Shivaji Maharaj tried to get Vyankoji to participate in the activities of the Swaraj. He did not get any response from him. Later, Maharaj conquered Bangalore, Hoskote in Karnataka, other forts such as those at Vellore, and also some parts of the Adil shahi kingdom. Permanent annexation in the south increased Maharaj’s strength and most importantly he was successful in executing his plan of defense which would help him to resist the armies of Aurangzeb in the future. For the administration of the newly conquered province, Shivaji Maharaj made excellent arrangements. He appointed Raghunath Narayan Hanamante, the chief officer to look after these newly conquered territories. After accomplishing the mission of the south, Shivaji Maharaj returned to Swaraj.

After his early success, which Marvin had struggles with, Motown began to widen his role as a ladies man, having him record duet albums with Mary Wells, Kim Weston and Diana Ross. His first album with Wells, "Together", became Marvin's first charted album, and yielded two popular hits, while his single with Weston, the Sylvia Moy-penned "It Takes Two", hit the top twenty on both sides of the Atlantic. But it would be his collaboration with Philadelphia R&B singer Tammi Terrell that landed him his biggest known success in his duet work. Building on songs written by Ashford & Simpson, the team of Marvin and Tammi scored a multitude of hits including their original version of "Ain't No Mountain High Enough", "Your Precious Love", "Ain't Nothing Like the Real Thing" and "You're All I Need to Get By". Their success would be short-lived following Tammi's collapse during a show at Virginia in October 1967. Having complained of headaches, Tammi was rushed to the hospital that night and was diagnosed with a brain tumor. Terrell braved it out but by the release of their third and last album together, "Easy", was losing her fight with the tumor. Tammi died in March 1970 at the age of 24 from complications of her brain cancer. Marvin was said to be so devastated by Tammi's death that he said he felt a piece of him died with her, and reports state at her funeral, Marvin talked to her remains as if she was gonna respond. Promising not to tour again and not to record another duet album after that, Marvin went into a self-imposed seclusion that ended briefly. In 1973, Marvin would work on his final duet album with Diana Ross. Their recording was hampered by arguments between them as Marvin refused to stop smoking marijuana in the studio as Diana was then pregnant. The resulting album, "Diana and Marvin", became a top twenty U.S. success and reached the top ten in the U.K.

The right creates a duty of the state. The duties include regulation and enforcement of environmental laws, control of pollution, and justice and protections for communities harmed by environmental problems. The right to a healthy environment has been an important right for creating environmental legal examples for climate change litigation and other environmental issues.
In the past, there were major United Nations' human rights tools like the Universal Declaration on Human Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights or International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. These do not recognize the right to a healthy environment. The 1972 Stockholm Declaration recognizes the right but is not a legally binding document. The 1992 Rio Declaration does not use the language of human rights. However, it says that individuals shall have access to information on environmental matters, participation in decision-making and access to justice. The currently proposed UN resolution is the "Global Pact for the Environment". If it is adopted, it would be the first UN human rights instrument to include the right to a healthy environment.
Over 150 states in the UN have independently recognized the right in some form through legislation, legal action, constitutional law, treaty law or other legal authority. The African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights, American Convention on Human Rights, Escazu Agreement, Arab Charter on Human Rights, and ASEAN Declaration on Human Rights each include a right to a healthy environment. There are other human rights frameworks such as the Convention on the Rights of the Child. They refer to environmental issues as they relate to the framework's focus, in this case children's rights.
UN Special Rapporteurs on Human Rights and the Environment John H. Knox (2012–2018) and David R. Boyd (2018–) have recommended on how to formalize these rights in international law. This was signed on back by many committees at the UN level. Besides, it was also backed by many local legal communities such as the New York City Bar, in 2020. 
The right to a healthy environment is the most important to the international approach to human rights and climate change. The effects of climate change on human rights are presented by OHCHR in a fact sheet with the most frequently asked questions on the subject.

In October of 2016, Lay's solo career began with the release of "what U need?" as a surprise gift for his fans on his birthday. The song was ranked number one in China V Chart, as well as in "Billboard" World Digital Songs and had entered the top 60 of iTunes, making Lay the first Chinese artist to appear on the list. He performed the song for the first time on October 10 at Asia Song Festival in Busan. On October 28, a day after holding a press conference in Shanghai Town & Country Community, Lay released his first mini-album titled "Lose Control", which contains six songs in Mandarin, and the music video for the single. Lay participated in the production of the album as a producer, and was personally in charge of the composition, arrangement and writing of the lyrics of each song, as well as the translation of the same lyrics in three other languages including English and Japanese. The single "Lose Control" remained in first place in Billboard China V Chart for six consecutive weeks. "Lose Control" broke the record in South Korea by a large majority of sales of a solo artist, with pre-orders surpassing 200,000 copies before the physical album was published, making the number one album in sales. Lay also became the first solo artist to sell more than 40,000 copies of the album within a day and 125,000 after a week of album release. More than a million copies of the digital album have been sold in Xiami. He performed "Lose Control" for the first time on "The Show" on November 15. "Lose Control" was a commercial success reaching first place in Gaon Album Chart.

Then Jezebel declared to Ahab that Naboth was "no longer alive, but dead" and Ahab got up and took possession of Nahab's vineyard. The Lord was very angry at Ahab for this, and said to Elijah the Tishbite, a prophet--(1 Kings 21:18)"Go down to meet Ahab the king of Israel, who rules in Samaria. He is now in Naboth's vineyard, where he has gone to take possession of it. Say to him, "This is what the Lord says: 'have you not murdered a man and seized his property?' Then say to him, 'This is what the Lord says, in the place where dogs licked up Naboth's blood, dogs will lick up your blood - yes, yours!'"
King Ahab said to Elijah, when he met him (1 Kings 21:20), "So you have found me, my enemy!" 
Elijah replied, "I have found you, because you have sold yourself to do evil in the eyes of the Lord. 'I am going to bring disaster on you. I will consume your descendants and cut off from Ahab every last male in Israel - slave or free. I will make your house like that of Jeroboam son of Nebat and that of Baasha son of Ahijah, becauase you have provoked me to anger and have caused Israel to sin.' And also concerning Jezebel the Lord says: 'Dogs will devour Jezebel by the wall of Jezreel.' Dogs will eat those belonging to Ahab who die in the city, and the birds of the air will feed on those who die in the country." 
At hearing this, Ahab grew afraid, and humbled himself by tearing his clothes, putting on sackcloth, and fasting. He 'lay in sackcloth and went around meekly.' The Lord felt compassionate, and said to Elijah, "Have you noticed how Ahab has humbled himself before me? Because he has humbled himself, I will not bring this disaster in his day, but I will bring it on his house in the days of his son."

According to the DVD commentary, Sorkin intended to center the show on Sam Seaborn and the other senior staff with the president in an unseen or a secondary role. However, Bartlet's screen time gradually increased, and his role expanded as the series progressed. Positive critical and public reaction to Sheen's performance raised his character's profile, decreasing Lowe's perceived significance. In addition, according to Sorkin, the storylines began to focus less on Sam and more on Josh Lyman, the deputy chief of staff. This shift is one of the reasons for Lowe's eventual departure from the show in the fourth season.
For the first four seasons, Sorkin wrote almost every episode of the series, occasionally reusing plot elements, episode titles, character names, and actors from his previous work, "Sports Night", a sitcom in which he began to develop his signature dialogue style of rhythmic, snappy, and intellectual banter. Fellow executive producer and director Thomas Schlamme championed the "walk and talk," a continuous shot tracking in front of the characters as they walk from one place to another that became part of "The West Wing"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s signature visual style. Sorkin's hectic writing schedule often led to cost overruns and schedule slips, and he opted to leave the show after the fourth season, following increasing personal problems, including an arrest for possession of illegal drugs. Thomas Schlamme also left the show after the fourth season. John Wells, the remaining executive producer, took the helm after their departure.

Even when her mother described her first play as dull and boring, she did not stop trying to succeed. Soon she became a young actress for many theaters after studying at the London’s Royal Academy of Art. During World War I, Smith went to France to help amuse the soldiers there and also appeared in a performance of John Galsworthy's Pigeon. In 1923, the actress left the theater to work as a buyer for Heal and Son, a furniture company where she remained for the next eight years, writing for the stage in cinema in her free time. Smith first gained recognition as a playwright, going by the name of C. L. Anthony until 1935. In 1931, Smith sold her play Autumn Crocus to one of her old stage directors. Although she had written a screenplay and a stage play before, Autumn Crocus proved to be the work that turned her career around. Call It a Day was the first play Smith wrote under her own name; also proving to be her most financially rewarding piece. Her plays, generally simple comedies about middle-class life, received much praise, both popular and critical. "The ability to recreate detail, to capture the nuances of everyday conversation, to recognize humor in the trivialities of middle-class life marks the dramas of Dodie Smith," wrote Martha Hadsel. "Her critics sometimes found fault with what they considered her superficiality, but most admitted that her plays provided enjoyable entertainment." Hadsel claimed Smith to be "one of the few successful women dramatists in England and America during the first half of the twentieth century."

Shen Bao was a newspaper published in Shanghai, China. It was published between April 30, 1872 and May 27, 1949, making it the longest running for any newspaper in China. The name has also been transliterated as Shun Pao or Shen-pao. In English, the newspaper was usually called Shanghai News. The name is short for "Shenjiang Xinbao". Shenjiang is a short form of Chunsheng jiang, the old name for the Huangpu River.
The paper was started by Ernest Major (1841-1908), in 1872. Major was a British businessman. "Shen Bao" was one of the first modern Chinese newspapers. Major returned to England in 1899, and the newspaper was reorganised to be Major Company Limited. According to Zhou, Major made it clear that the newspaper would be for Chinese readers, and not for foreigners. He therefore picked those news and issues that would be interesting to Chinese. Secondly, he made Chinese compradors responsible for running the business and he had Chinese editors select the news and write the editorials. He was very successful: The Chinese compradors used their ties with the community, raised the circulation, and obtained advertisements. This made the paper cheaper than those of the competition. The Chinese editors knew what their readers wanted to read about.
"Shen Bao" played an important role and helped form public opinion at the end of the 19th century. The paper ran a campaign against hiring young women as waitresses in opium dens. According to the campaign these women would also provide sex services in the dens. Most of the dens with this practice were in the French Concession. The campaign said that one of the reasons this problem existed was that there were foreigners in Shanghai. There was an uproar, and the practice was banned; in reality little was done to stop it.

The Consulate General of the United States in Jerusalem was the diplomatic mission of the United States of America accredited to the Palestinian population of the West Bank (including Jerusalem) and the Gaza Strip. In May 2018, the United States moved its embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. In mid-October 2018, US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo announced that the Consulate General would merge with the US Embassy in Jerusalem and that relations with the Palestinians would be conducted through a special Palestinian affairs unit inside the embassy. On March 4, 2019, the Consulate General officially ceased operations and merged with the US Embassy in Jerusalem.
The US Consulate was opened in 1844 in Old Jerusalem, inside Jaffa Gate, in what is today the Swedish Center for Christian Studies. In the late 19th century, the consulate was moved to Al-Anbiya Street. In 1912, it was moved to Kershon Akron Street, in what is now West Jerusalem. The main building, one of the first houses built outside the old city walls, was built in 1868 by the German Lutheran missionary Ferdinand Vester. On May 23, 1948, Consul General Thomas Wesson was assassinated. In 1952, the consulate rented another building on Nablus Road, East Jerusalem. On December 1, 2017, two senior US officials revealed that US President Donald Trump is likely to deliver a speech, Wednesday, December 6, in which he recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and will postpone the transfer of the US embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.

There were many different opinions of Anne Boleyn's beauty. The Venetian diarist Marino Sanuto described Anne as "not one of the handsomest women in the world; she is of middling stature, swarthy complexion, long neck, wide mouth, bosom not much raised ... eyes, which are black and beautiful". Simon Grynée wrote to Martin Bucer in September 1531 that Anne was "young, good-looking, of a rather dark complexion". Lancelot de Carles called her "beautiful" with a good figure. A Venetian in Paris in 1528 also said that she was beautiful. The most well-known description of Anne was written by the Catholic Nicholas Sanders in 1586. He wrote it several years after Anne died. Even though this is the most famous, it is also probably the least correct description. "Anne Boleyn," he said, "was rather tall ... with black hair, and an oval face of a sallow complexion, as if troubled with jaundice. She had a projecting tooth under the upper lip, and on her right hand six fingers (which historians now say is not true). There was a large wen under her chin, and therefore to hide its ugliness she wore a high dress covering her throat ... She was handsome to look at, with a pretty mouth." Sanders said that it was because of Anne that Henry went away from the Catholic Church. Sanders' words about Anne made what Eric Ives called the "monster legend" of Anne Boleyn. Anne was also a good dancer. William Forrest, who wrote a modern poem about Catherine of Aragon, praised Anne's dancing. He said she had "passing excellent" skill as a dancer. "Here", he wrote, "was [a] fresh young damsel, that could trip and go." She got killed by Henry’s mother

Batman uses many different tools to help fight crime, these may vary based on the different iterations of batman. Notable examples include his car which he calls "the Batmobile", a motorcycle called the "Bat-Cycle", and has a special belt full of tools called a "utility belt" and most notably bat-shaped boomerangs called "Bat-A-Rangs." He also has radio signals in his bat ears and can shoot them out to his enemy. He also has tasers built in his suit, shocking his foes. In the movie "Batman & Robin" he has ice skates. He also has a kryptonite ring and a kryptonite launcher. He even has a power suit and a Bat-Saber(His version of a lightsaber).
Batman is often helped from other people in Gotham. Batman and his some of his various allies are often referred to as the Bat Family. Some of these people also put on costumes and become superheroes when they help him. Some of the notable people who help him are his sidekick, Robin (Dick Grayson, Jason Todd, Tim Drake, and Damian Wayne, and briefly Stephanie Brown), his butler Alfred Pennyworth, police commissioner James Gordon, Wayne Enterprises CEO and president Lucius Fox, and Gordon's daughter Barbara Gordon. Barbara Gordon became a superhero named Batgirl (and later used the name Oracle). Commissioner Gordon uses a Bat-Signal which shines a light into the sky with a shadow in the shape of a bat on when he needs Batman's assistance. Batman is often, but not always, shown being friends with Superman. He is often shown as a friend of Wonder Woman. Batman, Superman, and Wonder Woman are often referred to as the "Trinity". Batman is a part of many superhero teams that fight against evil, most notably the Justice League or JL for short, and or JLD.

Golden Harvest (嘉禾娛樂公司) is a film producer and distributor based in Hong Kong. It was the first Chinese film company to be fully successful in the Western market as well. Golden Harvest ceased film production in 2003. Among the more famous names of the company are that of the old producer Raymond Chow and that of Leonard Ho Koon Cheung. Chow and Ho were executives in partnership with another major firm, Shaw Brothers, which ended in 1970. Golden Harvest was successful due to a different organizational approach than Shaw Brothers' centralized model. Golden Harvest contracted with independent producers and bought various talents and creative freedom for their money. In 1971, he struck a deal with martial arts superstar Bruce Lee , turning down Shaws' offer for low pay. In 1972, he entered into a deal with Concord Production Inc. and in 1973 entered into a pioneering co-distribuction with Hollywood for the English-language film Enter the Dragon, a worldwide hit co-produced by Warner Bros. with Concord Production Inc.
Golden Harvest replaced Shaw Brothers as the top production house in Hong Kong from the late 1970s to the 1990s .
Since 1980, he has produced almost all of Jackie Chan 's films , box office stars in Asia. Golden Harvest has also produced a number of films for Jet Li and Donnie Yen. The company was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1994. Li Ka-shing and EMI became shareholders of the company in 2004 .
Golden Harvest's business has declined in recent years. In 2003, film production was abandoned to focus on financing, distribution and management, in Hong Kong and mainland China.

On May 13, 1917, Lucia and her two cousins, Jacinta and Francisco Marto, were herding sheep at a location known as Cova da Iria, near their hometown village, Fatima. Lúcia described seeing a woman "brighter than the sun, shedding rays of light clearer and stronger than a crystal ball filled with the most sparkling water and pierced by the burning rays of the sun." Amazed, Lucia and her cousins ran back to their village and told everyone what they saw. Further appearances of the Virgin Mary were reported on the thirteenth day of the month in June and July. In these, the Virgin Mary asked the children to do acts of penance and Acts of Reparation as well as personal sacrifice to save sinners. The children subsequently wore tight cords around their waists to cause themselves pain, performed self-flagellation using stinging nettles, abstained from drinking water on hot days, and performed other works of penance. According to Lúcia's account, in the course of her appearances, the woman confided to the children three secrets, now known as the Three Secrets of Fátima.
As early as July 1917, it was claimed that the Virgin Mary promised a miracle for the last of her apparitions on October 13, so that all could believe. What happened became known as "The Miracle of the Sun." A huge crowd with about 70,000 people came to witness this miracle. People who witnessed this miracle said that they saw the "Sun dance." They also said that they could look at the sun without any problems. As the crowd was looking at the sun, Lucio, Jacinta, and Fransisco said they saw lovely images of the Holy Family, Our Lady of Sorrows with Jesus Christ, and then Our Lady of Mount Carmel. They said they saw Saint Joseph and Jesus bless the people.
The first vision of Fatima was a vision of hell which Lúcia describes in her Third Memoir, as follows:

This exchange of plants and animals changed European, American, African, and Asian ways of life. Foods that had never been seen before by .people he is eating my balls.
. For example the chicken sandwich with chicken breast in a salad is delicious to make for lunch for the family or to go on lunch or to make it a day at work for lunch and a lunch at the beach for lunch and then dinner with a salad or a lunch at work for the rest day for the rest week or weekend for dinner for dinner for lunch for the week with you or for a dinner and a lunch and a drink or something to go on with you for the week I have no choice now but I’m going out of my life I just need you guys know that you can come to me if I have no other options and you can always be here if I don’t have a nice evening or a little something that would help us get a lot to me know I have some food or a good food for me I love and you can go and you know what you’re not in my name I have some good luck I don’t want anything I just wanted a little more food food.became a major part of what they ate. For example, before 1492, no potatoes were grown outside of South America. By the 1840s, Ireland was so dependent on the potato that a diseased crop led to the devastating Irish Potato Famine. The first European import to the Americas, the horse, changed the lives of many Native American tribes on the Great Plains, letting them to change to a nomadic lifestyle based on hunting bison on horseback. Italy became famous for its Tomato sauce, made from New World tomatoes, while coffee from Africa and sugarcane from Asia became the main crops of very large Latin American plantations. Also the chili and paprika from South America was introduced in India by the Portuguese and it is today an important part of Indian cuisine.

Richmond () is the capital of the Commonwealth of Virginia, in the United States. It is an independent city and not part of any county. The population within the city limits was 226,610 in 2020, with a population of 1,314,434 for the Richmond Metropolitan Area — making it the third largest in Virginia.
Richmond is at the fall line of the James River, south of Washington DC, east of Charlottesville, Virginia, and west of Williamsburg, Virginia. Surrounded by Henrico and Chesterfield counties, the city is at the intersections of Interstate 95 and Interstate 64, and encircled by Interstate 295 and Virginia State Route 288.
Richmond began as an important village of the Powhatan Confederacy, and was briefly settled by English colonists from Jamestown in 1609, and in 1610–11. English settlers returned to found a permanent town in 1737. It became the capital of the Colony and Dominion of Virginia in 1780. During the Revolutionary War period, the city was known for Patrick Henry's "Give me liberty or give me death" speech in 1775 at St. John's Church, and the passage of the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom written by Thomas Jefferson. During the American Civil War, Richmond served as the capital of the Confederate States of America. The city entered the 20th century with one of the world's first successful electric streetcar systems.
Richmond's economy is primarily driven by law, finance, and government. It has federal, state, and local governmental agencies in its downtown. The downtown also has offices for legal and banking firms. The city is home to both the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, one of 13 federal appellate courts, and the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, one of 12 regional Federal Reserve Banks. Dominion Resources, Carmax, Genworth Financial, and MeadWestvaco, Fortune 500 companies, along with Massey Energy and Universal Corporation, Fortune 1000 companies, are headquartered in the city. The historic sites in the area bring tourists.

Ollanta Moisés Humala Tasso (; born 27 June 1962) is a Peruvian politician. He was the 65th President of Peru from 2011 to 2016. Humala lost the 2006 presidential election and eventually won the 2011 presidential election in a run-off vote. He was elected as President of Peru in the second round, defeating Keiko Fujimori (daughter of former President Alberto Fujimori).
Born to a prominent political family affiliated with the ethnocacerist movement, Humala is the son of famed Quechua labour lawyer Isaac Humala. Humala entered the Peruvian Army in 1981, eventually achieveing the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. During his time in the military, he fought in the internal conflict against far-left terrorist group Shining Path as well as in the Cenepa War with neighboring Ecuador. In October 2000, Humala attempted an unsuccessful coup d'etatagainst President Alberto Fujimori during the dying days of his regime; eventually, Congress granted him amnesty and Humala was allowed to return to military duty.
In 2005, Humala entered electoral politics, founding the Peruvian Nationalist Party (PNP) in order to run in the 2006 presidential election. Having received first place in the first round, he faced former centre-left President and APRA candidate Alan García in the second round, ultimately losing by a narrow margin. His campaign received widespread international attention in 2006 given the recent success of left-wing politicians in Latin America. In 2011, he would once again run for President, and narrowly defeated Keiko Fujimori in the runoff.

Turks feared the permanent occupation and Hellenization of parts of Anatolia, with Ionia falling under direct Athenian governance, and separatism and revolt by Ottoman Greeks resulting in the establishment of Pontic state on the Black Sea. This concerns increased drastically after Greek landing in Smyrna on 15th of May and became one of main reasons (and justifications) for final stage of the genocide. In late May 1919, Kemal, having just arrived in Samsun, informed Constantinople that since the Armistice "forty guerilla" bands, "in an organized program", were killing Turks in order to "establish a Pontus state". But the reality was different. All this separatist hubbub resulted in almost no acts of organized rebellion and very little anti-Turk actions. Most Ottoman Greeks, in the Pontus as elsewhere in Anatolia, remained unmoved by ethnic-nationalist appeals. An American diplomat who toured the major Pontic cities in summer 1919 reported, "many of the most influential and rational Greeks... In Trebizond view this policy [of separatism] with disfavor.". The local Greek Archbishop, Chrysantonos, was also opposed. Why Ottoman Greeks by and large distanced themselves from the pan-Hellenic national message, and certainly failed to act on it, is unclear. Perhaps it was matter of poorly developed political consciousness; perhaps it was due to the centuries-long tradition of submissiveness to Islamic hegemony. Also they feared massacre - as had just befallen Armenians. Demographic realities assuredly contributed: Turks predominate in Pontus, as in Anatolia in general - and Pontic Greeks knew it, whatever their spokesmen sometimes said.
A few days after the war started, on May 19, M. Kemal Atatürk was ordered to go to Samsun, which is a city in in the Pontus region, to create order there. Instead, he brought more Turkish nationalists together and strengthened his tactics against the Pontic Greeks. Even more Greeks were kidnapped, killed, and tortured. Three hundred villages were destroyed and people were burnt alive in their homes.

The British gave Arnold a brigadier general's commission with an annual income of several hundred pounds, but only paid him £6,315 plus an annual pension of £360 because his plot failed. In December 1780, under orders from Clinton, Arnold led a force of 1,600 troops into Virginia, where he captured Richmond by surprise and then went on a rampage through Virginia, destroying supply houses, foundries, and mills. This activity brought Virginia's militia out, and Arnold eventually retreated to Portsmouth to either be evacuated or reinforced. The pursuing American army included the Marquis de Lafayette, who was under orders from Washington to summarily hang Arnold if he was captured. Reinforcements led by William Phillips (who served under Burgoyne at Saratoga) arrived in late March, and Phillips led further raids across Virginia, including a defeat of Baron von Steuben at Petersburg, until his death of fever on 12 May 1781. Arnold commanded the army only until 20 May when Lord Cornwallis arrived with the southern army and took over. One colonel wrote to Clinton of Arnold, "there are many officers who must wish some other general in command". Cornwallis ignored advice proffered by Arnold to locate a permanent base away from the coast that might have averted his later surrender at Yorktown.
On his return to New York in June, Arnold made a variety of proposals for continuing to attack essentially economic targets in order to force the Americans to end the war. Clinton, however, was not interested in most of Arnold's aggressive ideas, but finally relented and authorized Arnold to raid the port of New London, Connecticut. On 4 September not long after the birth of his and Peggy's second son, Arnold's force of over 1,700 men raided and burned New London and captured Fort Griswold, causing damage estimated at $500,000. British casualties were high—nearly one quarter of the force was killed or wounded, a rate at which Clinton claimed he could ill afford more such victories.

Koror had started a main group of five: Tom, Ian, Gregg, Jenn, and Katie, and those on the outside saw them as a threat but were not able to break them. Stephenie made strong impression on her new tribe, Stephenie became a target due to her strength. In a twist that would be used in later seasons, the first player to lose the individual immunity challenge had to spend the night alone on a separate island. Janu, the one who lost, felt she had freedom when she left, and chose to quit the game at the next tribal council, which saved Stephenie from being voted out for one more round. When Koror was down to six, Tom and Ian worried that they would fall against a possible immunity threat, Gregg, and his close ally Jenn, and they started a plan with Caryn and Katie to vote out Gregg when they had the chance. Katie, feeling betrayed by Ian, became even more upset when Ian took Tom with him on a reward instead of her as he had promised. Ian tried to make Katie happy, but she still held bad feelings towards him. The final four: Tom, Ian, Katie, and Jenn, chose to allow the next vote to end in a tie between Jenn and Ian, and Ian won in the fire-making tie-breaker challenge. The last immunity challenge made players stand on buoys for as long as possible; Katie jumped off early, but both Tom and Ian stayed for more than 12 hours. Ian chose to quit the challenge, giving immunity to Tom, after Tom played on his regret for hurting Katie's feelings and breaking his promises to her, and Ian felt that dropping out would make up for the emotional damage he had done. At the last tribal council, Tom voted Ian out of the game. At the last tribal council, Tom's leadership and physical strength against Katie being too dependent on others, led the jury to vote Tom as the Sole Survivor, 6-1.

In response and some fear to the storm's projected path into the Gulf of Mexico, prices for crude oil rose on the New York Mercantile Exchange at branch offices in London. Natural gas prices rose considerably in New York Mercantile Exchange electronic trading on August 2. Anticipation of a threat to supply by a potential Hurricane Chris coupled with high demand during an ongoing heat wave are cited as reasons for the price move. Also, numerous oil rigs were closed and ditched in response to the storm for the fear of Hurricane Katrina a year earlier. On August 2 approximately 600 tourists evacuated the Puerto Rican islands of Vieques and Culebra as tropical storm warnings had been issued. Cruise lines such as Royal Caribbean re-routed their ships to avoid the storm. In Puerto Rico, rainfall from the storm caused the Fajardo River to overflow its banks. The overflown waters temporarily closed a highway in the northeastern portion of the island. Rainfall reached up to 2 inches (50 mm) across portions of Hispaniola, the Turks and Caicos, the Bahamas, and eastern Cuba, and reached 4 inches (100 mm) in some mountainous areas.
A tropical system off the coast of Africa, which the National Hurricane Center was monitoring for several days, was upgraded to tropical depression status on August 21 and designated as Tropical Depression Four. Consequently, a tropical storm warning was immediately issued for the Cape Verde islands, as the system threatened to pass over or near the southern part of the archipelago. However, the system failed to strengthen into a tropical storm before passing the chain of islands, and the warning was discontinued the following morning.

Tchaikovsky's brother Modest changed the ballet's story a little for the revision. He gave the ballet a happy ending. The new "Swan Lake" was presented on 27 January 1895 at the Mariinsky. Pierina Legnani danced both Odette and Odile. The ballet was a great success. This version of the ballet is the one generally seen today.
"Swan Lake" is famous for the 32 "fouettés en tournant" in Act 3. These "fouettés" are danced at the end of the "Black Swan" "pas de deux" by the ballerina playing Odile. The "pas" was an afterthought of Tchaikovsky's. It was not included in the original production. It consists of the opening adagio followed by a variation for the male dancer. This is followed by a variation for the ballerina. The whole concludes with a brisk movement for both dancers that includes the "fouettés". Pierina Legnani first danced the "fouettés" in the Mariinsky production of 1895. Ballet-goers were uncertain about the 32 "fouettés". Some thought they were just a stunt. Others found them exciting. These ballet-goers went to every performance to count the number of turns.
"Swan Lake" became known in Europe and the United States not long after the revised version was presented at the Mariinsky Theatre in 1895. It was first presented in Europe at Prague in June 1907. It was first presented in the United States at the Metropolitan Opera House in December 1911. Diaghilev's Ballets Russes presented a two-act "Swan Lake" in London in 1911. The Ballets Russes presented a one-act version in London in 1925. The complete "Swan Lake" was first presented in England by the Sadler's Wells Ballet in November 1934. Ballerinas portraying Odette include Mathilde Kchessinska, Anna Pavlova, and Margot Fonteyn. Pavel Gerdt was the Prince Siegfried of the 1895 St. Petersburg production. Nijinsky and Rudolph Nureyev have also performed Prince Siegfried.

In a memorandum dated March 20, 1985, the Anglophone lawyer and president of the Cameroonian Bar Association, Fongum Gorji Dinka, wrote that Biya's government was unconstitutional and announced that the former Southern Cameroons should become independent as the Republic of Ambazonia. Dinka was imprisoned the following January without trial and thus became a "martyr" to the separatist cause. The name Ambazonia was used to refer to the country's independence. The name Ambazonia was used in 1984 by Fon Gorji-Dinka (leader of the Ambazonia advocacy group), when the parliament and government of the Republic of Cameroon changed the name of the country from the "United Republic of Cameroon" to the "Republic of Cameroon", based on the name of the pre-reunification French-speaking Cameroon, the "République du Cameroun". For some, including Gorji-Dinka, Bernard Fonlon and Carlson Anyangwe, especially in the former British Cameroons, this meant the dissolution of the personal union of 1961. It was in this sense that from 1984 onwards, Ambazonia was declared as an intervention by the people of Southern Cameroon to restore the statehood of the former British territory of Southern Cameroon, which Ambazonia saw not as a fait accompli of a single Cameroonian state, but as an opportunity to engage the two states in a "constitutional review" of their relations after 1984. The Gorji-Dinka group believed that "by operation of law" there should be equal participation of the two states that formed the defunct federation in a new vision of relations between their countries (the Republic of Cameroon and Southern Cameroon). In the document, called the "New Social Order", Ambazonia's proposal for the Confederation of Independent Cameroon-Ambazonia Nations (CACIN) was summarily rejected by the Republic of Cameroon. Instead, the leader of the Ambazonia Restoration Council (ARC), Fon Gorji-Dinka, was arrested and tried for treason for demanding the continued sovereignty of "Southern Cameroonians" in the Republic of Ambazonia.

Whatever their relationship was exactly, Edward II regarded Gaveston with great affection. From the beginning of his marriage to Isabella their relationship was not good. Edward had no romantic interest in Isabella. Isabella soon found her husband was not giving her any money. She wrote to her father telling him she was living in poverty. King Philip quickly wrote back demanding Edward provide for his wife and any children they might have. Edward stalled by giving excuses. Meanwhile Isabella discovered that Piers Gaveston had been given many of the jewels her father had given her as part of her dowry. Isabella was furious. Her uncles warned Edward they would not attend their coronation unless he got rid of Gaveston. But Edward's barons had already made the same threats. Edward promised he would take care of everything when the parliament met in March. When Gaveston was put in charge of the coronation, one thing after another went wrong. At the banquet table honoring the king and queen, Gaveston sat next to the king instead of Isabella. He even displayed his Coat of arms next to the king's instead of Isabella's. The barons and Isabella's kinsmen were angry over these insults to their new queen. But it wasn't until 1311 that the barons drew up a list of ordinances the king had to follow. The first was to get rid of Piers Gaveston. But before 1312 Gaveston came back to England. That same year Isabella was pregnant with their first child. To escape the barons, Edward and Gaveston fled north taking Isabella with them. They left her unprotected at York while Edward and Gaveston escaped on a ship. But the barons were not upset with Isabella. Gaveston was captured and murdered in the summer of 1312. This didn't end Isabella's troubles as Edward found a new favorite in Hugh le Despenser. In November their first child was born, the future Edward III of England. But Despenser hated Isabella more than Gaveston. By 1321 she was virtually a prisoner. By 1324 Edward had given all her lands to Despenser.

Terry Fallis is a Canadian writer and humourist. Fallis was trained as an engineer at McMaster University in Ontario. Fallis was involved in student politics and became president of the student union. Fallis joined the Liberal Party of Canada and worked for the campaigns of Jean Chrétien, Robert Nixon and Micheal Ignatieff. Fallis wrote and later self-published a novel called the "Best Laid Plans" about a man who wants to quit his work in politics by managing the campaign of someone he believes has absolutely no chance of winning so that no one will take him seriously enough ever to hire him again and then shockingly ends up having his political candidate win. Fallis won the Stephen Leacock Award for Canadian humour. Fallis wrote a sequel to "The Best Laid Plans" called "The High Road" about an idealistic re-election campaign. Fallis wrote "Up and Down" about a 71 year old woman from British Columbia who becomes an astronaut in NASA. Fallis later met a man by the name of Brian Mulroney who is not related to the Prime Minister Brian Mulroney. Fallis then wrote a novel called "No Relation" about a man who wants to become a writer but can't because his name happens to be Earnest Hemingway,even though he is not related to Ernest Hemingway and starts a support group for people who have famous names while trying to resist his father's effort to make him take over his father's underwear company. Fallis wrote the novel "Poles Apart" about a man who starts a popular feminist website using the pseudonym Eve and who everyone assumes is a woman. Fallis also wrote a novel called "One Brother Shy"

The king of Navarre Sancho Garcés IV was assassinated by his own brother in 1076. The Navarrese elected Sancho Ramirez of Aragon - cousin of the deceased- as their king, who incorporated the crown of Pamplona to that of Aragon. The kingdom of Navarre was divided between León-Castile and Aragon. Aragon got the main territories, including the capital of Navarre in exchange for admitting the theoretical supremacy of Castile-León. To celebrate the expansion, Sancho founded the city of Jaca, where he lived and to which he transferred the Mozarabic bishopric of Huesca in 1077. As he controlled the highlands bordering the Ebro to the north, he was able to undertake various raids, mainly against the Zaragozan taifa, and try to expand into the plain, mainly along the valleys of Aragon, Sobrarbe and Ribagorza. To compensate for the lack of soldiers needed for territorial expansion, he tried to bring them from the south of France. Expansion, however, was slow and was carried out especially through the conquest of strategic points, such as Graus in 1083 and Ayerbe, around the same time. The advances towards the south were faster at the end of the century, both by the lack of support of Alfonso to the Zaragozans and by the march of the Cid to the Levant, who until then had fought with them. In 1089, the Aragonese seized Monzón, which hindered communications between Lérida and Huesca, and in 1091 they built the castle of El Castellar, between Zaragoza and Tudela. Sancho started the siege of the important city of Huesca in 1094, but died of an arrow shot. He was immediately succeeded by his son Pedro. He soon resumed the siege.

For extra power, more air is needed to increase the energy evolved per unit of fuel. This is where forced induction must take place. There are some ways of creating forced induction such as turbochargers and superchargers. Turbochargers rely on the volume and velocity of the exhaust to spin the turbine wheel in the middle of the turbocharger. Turbochargers should consume less power from the engine than superchargers and therefore suffer bad throttle response. This delay can also be referred to as turbo lag. Smaller turbochargers spool quickly and deliver more boost pressure at lower engine speeds but suffers at higher RPMs. Bigger turbochargers can deliver more power at higher revs but suffer low throttle response. There can be many turbochargers in a car, but the most common amount being 1 or 2. Superchargers have close to no lag time as the compressor is constantly spinning proportionally to the engine speed. They require torque from the engine to operate. Some common types of superchargers are the Roots-type supercharger, a Screw-type supercharger, and a Centrifugal-type supercharger. In a Roots-type supercharger there are paddles on two drums that are continuously rotating, that force air into the intake. The Roots-type supercharger is a positive displacement device and therefore has the advantage of producing the same pressure ratio at any engine speed. A Screw-type supercharger, like the Roots-type supercharger, is a positive displacement device. They have 2 screws that compress the air and are more efficient than roots type as they create a cooler air output than a roots supercharger but are more difficult to manufacture. A centrifugal-type supercharger, is not a positive displacement device. Although it looks like a turbocharger, they are very different as the power source of the centrifugal supercharger is the engines crankshaft. A turbocharger uses the exhaust gas to spin the compressor.

New versions of the vaccines are developed twice a year, as the influenza virus rapidly changes. While their effectiveness varies from year to year, most provide modest to high protection against influenza.
The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) estimates that vaccination against influenza reduces sickness, medical visits, hospitalizations, and deaths. Immunized workers who do catch the flu return to work half a day sooner on average. Vaccine effectiveness in those over 65 years old remains uncertain due to a lack of high-quality research. Vaccinating children may protect those around them.
Vaccination against influenza began in the 1930s. It started with large-scale availability in the United States since 1945. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
The vaccines are generally safe; fever occurs in five to ten percent of children vaccinated. Temporary muscle pains or feelings of tiredness may occur. In certain years, the vaccine was linked to an increase in Guillain–Barré syndrome among older people at a rate of about one case per million doses. Although most influenza vaccines are produced using egg proteins, they are still recommended as safe for people who have severe egg allergies, as no increased risk of allergic reaction to the egg-based vaccines has been shown for people with egg allergies. Vaccines produced using other technologies, notably recombinant vaccines and those based on cell culture rather than egg protein, started to become available from 2012 in the US, and later in Europe and Australia. Influenza vaccines are not recommended in those who have had a severe allergy to previous versions of the vaccine itself. The vaccine comes in "inactive" and "weakened" viral forms. The live, weakened vaccine is generally not recommended in pregnant women, children less than two years old, adults older than 50, or people with a weakened immune system. Depending on the type they can be injected into a muscle, sprayed into the nose, or injected into the middle layer of the skin (intradermal). The intradermal vaccine was not available during the 2018–2019 and 2019–2020 influenza seasons.

Some tools the workshop has are:
<br>The the color of the pieces can be changed using a color palette which corresponds to the official Lego colors.<br>The workshop can export and import these file formats:
The Mecabricks render farm was custom built by Scrubs and allows rendering models in the browser by sending the model to the renderfarm. After rendering is complete, the image is sent to Mecabricks where it can be downloaded. The render farm can be used for free, but users are only allowed 10 free renders a day under 0.7 million pixels. With rendering comes a few objects that can be of help, such as lamps, cameras and the volumetric box. Multiple frames can be rendered for rendering animations and other features such as scratches, fingerprints and dents can make the render(s) look even more realistic.
Animation can be done in nodes, which is a separate area from the workshop view that can be toggled on or off. Different node trees are executed when the animation plays. The node trees themselves contain nodes which can determine a piece's position, material (color) and visibility over a timespan. It is also possible to instance large amounts of pieces.<br>Other settings such as frame rate and animation length can also be determined in nodes.
Ttextures can be added to parts, which can be uploaded to free storage for these prints. These prints are then available and can be exported to blender using the blender addon. Other people can then save this print as their own if the model is public and open to workshop.

By the end of 1995, Olson unexpectedly left the band to spend more time with Williams (with whom he would later form the Original Harmony Ridge Creekdippers). The band continued to record as The Jayhawks, adding Kraig Johnson on guitar. 
The album "Sound of Lies" was released in 1997. It has Gary Louris composing most of the songs. The album mixed straight rock (the ironic "Big Star"), psychedelic elements, acoustic elements and even some dub elements. The album did not sound like the band's country-influenced earlier work. 
The 2000 album "Smile" was produced by Bob Ezrin. It had more of a pop music feel, which some fans did not like. Though still a member through the recording of the album, Grotberg left the band before the "Smile" tour, and was replaced by Jen Gunderman. The song "I'm Gonna Make You Love Me" appeared in a Ralph Lauren commercial. 
"Rainy Day Music" (2003) was stripped down and more acoustic. It was generally seen as a return to their alt-country roots. The band now consisted of founding members Louris and Perlman, along with drummer O'Reagan, and touring band member ex-Long Ryder Stephen McCarthy, from Richmond, VA. McCarthy added pedal steel, lap steel, banjo, guitar and backing vocals to the album and subsequent live shows. This lineup toured in 2003 and early 2004.
After not playing together for a number of years, the Jayhawks reunited in 2010 and released Mockingbird Time in 2011. The album sees both Mark Olson and Karen Grotberg playing with the band again. Gary Louris also produced the album.

The name Sandy [ san-dee ] is a given name. It can be used for both men and women. It is a short form of the names Alexander, Cassandra or Sandra. The name Sandy is commonly understood to mean "defender of mankind," which originates from the Greek name Alexander that means "defender of the people." Sandy is often used as a nickname for Alexander, but it has also become a popular name on its own. Those with the name Sandy are typically perceived as strong and protective, with a natural inclination to assist others. Another meaning of the name Sandy is "from the sandy shore," which comes from the Old English word "sandig" meaning "sandy." Individuals with this name are frequently associated with the beach and the ocean and may enjoy outdoor activities and water sports. They are often seen as adventurous and free-spirited, with a love of exploration and travel. In some cultures, the name Sandy is linked with the color yellow. This is due to the fact that the term "sandy" can also mean "yellowish-brown" in certain contexts. Those with this name may be regarded as optimistic and cheerful, with a sunny disposition and a positive outlook on life. Furthermore, the name Sandy is associated with the element of fire because the word "sandy" can also mean "fiery" or "passionate" in certain contexts. People with this name may be perceived as intense and passionate, with a strong desire to succeed and a fierce determination to achieve their goals.This name is used more for females than for males. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). Notable people by the name include baseball player Sandy Koufax, professional golfer Sandy Lyle, and actresses Sandy Duncan and Sandy Dennis. This name was also used for the fictional dog belonging to Annie in "Little Orphan Annie".

The Preamble tells of human rights violations because of sexual orientation and gender identity and explains what sexual orientation and gender identity are. The Principles affirm human rights, such as civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights, and demand the prohibition of all discrimination relating to those human rights. Principle 3 demands legal recognition of the sex change of transsexuals without any surgery, including sterilization and sexual reassignment surgery, because the each person's self-defined gender identity is seen as important for the autonomy and dignity of the person. But at the same time, the importance of the rights to undergo body modification on sexual reassignment surgery as a "non-discriminatory treatment" and other health cares without discrimination is emphasized, and must be provided even in prison. The Principles affirm protection by states against all human trafficking, homelessness and violence, hate crimes, harassment and bullying. They insist that it is important for society to respect the dignity and self-esteem of LGBT people against prejudice and to protect their right to education. The Principles also insist on the prevention of any medical abuse, including the case of the intersex children, and assert that any gender identity is not a disease. They also aim to promote human rights of any kind and say that States must protect LGBT activists from any violence, threat or discrimination against them. Principle 29 affirms that violations of human rights including on sexual orientation and gender identity must be punished.

The Free State of Prussia () was a state of Germany from 1918 to 1947. It was formed in 1918 in Weimar Republic after the German Empire and its state, the Kingdom of Prussia collapsed in 1918 in World War 1 and the German Revolution Of 1918–1919. It’s German Colonies in Africa,Asia and Oceania and the Pacific Ocean which were lost and occupied by Britain,France,Belgium,Portugal and Japan,Australia . Kaiser Wilhelm II the last Kaiser of Germany who replaced his father Friedrich III of Germany in 1888 was forced to surrender the Prussian Throne in 1918. During the Interwar period from 1918–1939, the Weimar Era Germany was very poor when The Great Depression began in 1929. However, in 1933 Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party took over and formed a new German Reich aka the Greater German Reich and aka the Third Reich (Nazi Germany) just like Otto von Bismarck formed Germany in 1871 after the Franco-Prussian War and the defeat of Napoleon III. After the end of World War 2 in 1945, the Free State Of Prussia dissolved in 1947, and in 1949 Germany got split into West Germany (Federal Republic Of Germany) and East Germany (German Democratic Republic) and Berlin was split into West Berlin and East Berlin by the Allies until the Berlin Wall was built in 1961 where it lasted 28 years until the Fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989. Today the Free State Of Prussia became Schleswig-Holstein,Lower Saxony,Brandenburg,Pomerania,Rhineland-Palatinate and other States of Germany while East Prussia became part of the Soviet Union in 1945 which Joseph Stalin took from the Nazis and today it is called Kaliningrad in Russia (Russian Federation) since 1991 after the 1947–1991 Cold War with the United States Of America,Britain and France . The Presidents of the Free State Of Prussia were Friedrich Ebert from 1919-to 1925 and Paul von Hindenburg from 1925 to 1934. The last President of Nazi Germany was Admiral Karl Dönitz who surrendered Nazi Germany in May 1945 after Adolf Hitler’s death on 30 April 1945 which was originally going to be on 5 May 1945 the date that Napoleon died in 1821. Still, it was 30 April instead since Adolf Hitler is not related to Napoleon since he is a Austrian and was only copying Napoleon.

One of the options in the series uses typical health points, as in most fighting games, but the standard option in most entries is that each fighter in "Super Smash Bros." has a percent value. Each fighter starts at 0 percent. When a fighter is hit, they take damage by raising this percent value. The higher that the percent value is, the easier it will be to knock them off the map. The goal of the game is to knock your opponent off of the stage a certain amount of times. Each game in the series has a wide variety of playable stages, characters and game modes. At the beginning of the game, players are limited to a smaller cast of characters to choose from, but can unlock the rest of the characters by completing certain tasks, achievements or just after playing for long enough. The characters have different abilities and attacks, but are used by pushing the same buttons—A is for normal attacks, and B is for special abilities or attacks (such as hitting harder or shooting things). These buttons can be used be used in combination with tilting the analog stick in different directions to use different variations of these abilities or different attacks entirely. Normal attacks used with a quickly flicked analog stick can be used to pull off a smash attack (a powerful attack, usually used for launching your opponent off the stage). The controller triggers can be used to shield, which blocks damage from opponents for a few seconds, until it breaks. Players can also use the controller triggers to grab opponents and throw them. A combination of different attacks and abilities can be used to pull off a combo, where the player traps the opponent in a combination of attacks for high damage. There are many complex techniques and tier lists created by the competitive community of the Super Smash Bros. series.

On December 12, the morning was cold and foggy. Burnside sent more troops into the town but did nothing to organize an attack. Instead, his men wasted the day looting and vandalizing houses and shops.
Burnside waited until the morning of December 13 to issue his orders. He directed General William B. Franklin's division to attack Jackson's Corps. Then General Edwin Vose Sumner's division was to attack Marye's Heights. But Burnside's orders were unclear on several points. In his orders to Franklin, he ordered the attack with "a division at least". Without taking time to clarify, Franklin sent just one—General George G. Meade's division of 4.500 men. They were to attack Jackson's line about a mile away. Two small Confederate cannon were on the road perpendicular to Mead's advancing troops. Even though he had orders to disengage, Major John Pelham kept up the shelling for over an hour. Finally, when Pelham ran out of ammunition he withdrew the cannons. Meade continued his march on Jackson's position. When Meade's division came to within , Jackson's hidden 14 artillery pieces opened fire cutting down many of Meade's soldiers. Union artillery opened fire on the Confederate guns and an artillery duel started that lasted for an hour. Meade's troops found a gap in Jackson's line in the woods and exploited it. A South Carolina brigade at first mistook Meade's troops for retreating Confederates and did not fire on them. This allowed the Union troops to get deep within Jackson's line. When Jackson learned of this he ordered a counterattack and drove the Union troops back to their own lines.

William Henry Thornton was born, 9th March 1830. His father was head of the tax department Somerset house and they lived in Clapham Common, London. He was educated at Rugby school. In 1847, following a cross country run to the village of Newbold, the seventeen year old Thornton bought some unripe greengages from a street seller and contracted what is believed to be cholera. He was seriously ill for a time, and, upon recovery was found to be “rather delicate”. He went to a friend in Allerford village in the Selworthy district of the Porlock valley, Somersetshire, to convalesce. and build up his strength. His life included hunting, fishing, shooting and riding (at which he would cover prodigious distances for the rest of his life). He developed a lifelong love for the Porlock Valley, which he called “The happy valley and the fairest and choicest little district which exists on the face of the earth”. It was here that he first met Sir Thomas Acland (11th Baronet), from the Holnicote Estate (now owned by the National Trust). He had access to the extensive lands and guns on the estate. He also became a frequent visitor to a house known as Glenthorn, 10 miles away in Countisbury, where he made the acquaintance, and later, friendship of the Knight family from Simonsbath, on Exmoor. It was at this time, also, that he made the acquaintance of John “Jack” Russell, the sporting parson, from Swimbridge, Devon, and they remained in touch until Russell’s death in 1883. Thornton left the Porlock Valley in 1849 and matriculated to Trinity College Cambridge on 24th January. He entered as a "pensioner" (that is a student without emolument). This meant that he was only able to take an ordinary degree (BA) which he gained in 1853. He was awarded an MA from the same college in 1859.

Selena started recording the first song for the album, "I Could Fall in Love", in late 1994. Selena was partnered with major pop music producers, some of which were Grammy Award winners. Selena's sister Suzette Quintanilla stated that Selena would take a very long time before deciding on a song that was "Selena". However, SBK Records controlled the entire project and only allowed Selena to choose one song. This was because, SBK knew what they were doing for a crossover event. Recording sessions for the album took place at several recording studios, including: her father's Q-Productions studio in Corpus Christi; The Bennett House in Franklin, Tennessee; Bananaboat Studio in Burbank, California; Oakshire Recorders in Los Angeles; Conway Studios in Hollywood; Clinton Studios in Clinton, New York; and Levosia Entertainment in Hollywood. Producers and songwriters who worked with Selena on the album included Keith Thomas, Trey Lorenz of Epic Records, Mark Goldenberg, Kit Hain, Guy Roche, Donna Delorey, Diane Warren, Rhett Lawrence, David Byrne of Luaka Bop Inc., Franne Golde, Tom Snow, Full Force, Brian "Red" Moore, A.B. Quintanilla III Selena's brother, Barrio Boyzz, K.C. Porter, Felipe Bernmejo, Jose Hernandez and Felipe Valdes Leal. Singers, Amy Grant and Vanessa Williams were both in the process of writing a song for Selena. "Dreaming of You" was the first album that Selena's family did not produce. Her family had wanted professional pop producers to work with Selena. Selena found this decision stressful, and felt that it was forced on her in order to sell records.

Broughton (2001 pop.: 24) was a former town in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality about 12 miles from the former city of Sydney, Nova Scotia. Expected to be a boomtown when first settled, it was mostly abandoned when mining operations failed. 
During the First World War, Broughton was used by the 185th Cape Breton Highlanders as training ground. During this time the famous Broughton Arms Hotel burned to the ground in April 1916. The Hotel is believed to have had North America's first revolving door.
Broughton was first settled at the turn of the 20th century as a mining town for the Cape Breton Coal, Iron & Railway Company, started by British mining engineer Thomas Lancaster and British businessman Col. Horace Mayhew which intended to develop the coal seam at Cochrane's Lake (aka: Loon Lake). The pair raised millions of dollars, mostly from English investors, and construction on the town was started, with streets laid out and a number of large official buildings constructed, including the Office Building, the Assistant Manager's House, the Broughton Arms Hotel and Crown Hotel. Remains of these substantial buildings can still be seen today, the scale of which giving an impression of the town's lofty ambitions. A railway was built connecting to the Sydney & Louisburg Railway at False Bay Head, continuing through Broughton Junction to Broughton, a distance of 4 ½ miles, construction beginning in 1905 and completed in 1906. Seemingly too much money and effort was spent on the details and modern conveniences of the "most up-to-date modern city", one of the first attempts at a planned community in Canada, and not enough attention to the actual mine operation. The company went bankrupt in 1907 after it failed to secure rail transportation to get its coal to port. It is said this was due to the opposition of the Dominion Coal Company, which would not allow its Sydney and Louisburg Railway to carry the coal produced by the mine.
The British pair left Cape Breton, abandoning the company and the town.

James Berardinelli of ReelViews called "Bridge to Terabithia" "easily the best family feature of the early year". Ann Hornaday of "The Washington Post" praised the script. She said it was "utterly recognizable and authentic", and thought Robb and Hutcherson were "perfectly cast". Hornaday said the final five minutes showed "oversweet sentiment." Viewers would remember the film's "warmth and respect with which it pays homage [respect] to first love," she added. Jessica Grose of "The Village Voice" praised director Csupó for not showing "cutesy tween [neither a child, nor a teenager] stereotypes." She felt Jess' relationship with his father made "Bridge to Terabithia" from "a good kids movie to a classic contender". "The New York Times" Jeannette Catsoulis believed that the fantasy was kept in the background "to find magic in the everyday", and thought Csupó directed "like someone intimate with the pain of being different, allowing each personality more than a single characteristic". She particularly praised Deschanel and Madison. Catsoulis said the movie handled adult topics with "with nuance [cleverly] and sensitivity". Since it was smart and "delicate as a spider web", it was the kind of children's movie "rarely seen nowadays". Miriam di Nunzio of the "Chicago Sun-Times" praised Hutcherson and Robb's performances. "[T]he film's heart and soul rests on the abilities of its young lead characters to make us really see the world through children's eyes. The dynamic duo of Hutcherson and Robb do not disappoint," she noted.

Rachel is the daughter of an interracial same-sex couple. She is Jewish and was named after Rachel Green from "Friends". She joins the glee club. She hopes that fame will increase her popularity and to find a boyfriend. She is bullied by members of the school cheerleading and football teams. She is, however, excited that quarterback Finn Hudson joins the club. She then develops a crush on him. The two kisses in the episode "Showmance". However, Finn tells her to forget that it happened and continues dating his girlfriend, cheerleader Quinn Fabray (Dianna Agron). Rachel quits the glee club. She does this because she is not given a solo she wanted. She is then given the lead role in the school musical, "Cabaret". However, she later quits the musical and rejoins the glee club. She returns because she rather have friends then be alone. She has a short relationship with another glee club member, Puck (Mark Salling). He is also Jewish, and is a football player who used to bully her. Rachel later breaks up with him because she still has feelings for Finn. She later learns that Quinn's pregnancy was not caused by him but by Puck. She then tells Finn the truth who then attacks Puck. Finn then breaks up with Quinn and drops out of glee club. He returns on the day of the group's first major competition, the Sectionals. He does this to undo damage by cheerleading couch Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch). The group makes up a completely new set list. Rachel starts the show with a solo of "Don't Rain on My Parade". They win by an agreement decision.

In 1137, Ramon Berenguer IV, Count of Barcelona accepted King Ramiro II of Aragon's proposal to marry Queen Petronila. Thus they united the dinasties of the County of Barcelona with the Kingdom of Aragon and they created the Crown of Aragon. Meanwhile, the County of Barcelona and the other Catalan counties adopted a common polity known as Principality of Catalonia. Catalonia contributed to the expansion of the Crown's trade and military, most significantly their navy. The crisis of the 14th century, the end of the reign of House of Barcelona and a civil war (1462–1472) weakened the role of the Principality in Crown and international affairs.
The marriage of Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile in 1469 created a dynastic union between the Crowns of Aragon and Castile. However, both kingdoms kept their own laws, institutions, borders and currency. In 1492 the Spanish colonization of the Americas began, political power began to shift away towards Castile. The economic crisis, the peasants' revolt and tensions between Catalan institutions and the Monarchy caused the Reapers' War (1640–1652). The Principality of Catalonia maintained its political status, but it lost it after the War of Spanish Succession (1701–1714). Following Catalan surrender on 11 September 1714, the king Philip V of Bourbon, inspired by the model of France, imposed a unifying administration across Spain. He suppressed the Crown of Aragon and enacted the Nueva Planta decrees, banning the main Catalan political institutions and rights. These led to the eclipse of Catalan as a language of government and literature. Catalonia experienced economic growth. This was reinforced in the late 18th century when Cádiz's trade monopoly with American colonies ended.
In the 19th century Catalonia was very affected by the Napoleonic and Carlist Wars. The Napoleonic occupation and subsequent war in Spain began a period of political and economic turmoil. In the second third of the century, Catalonia became a center of industrialization. Thanks to its wealth from the industrial expansion, Catalonia experienced a cultural renaissance. This happened at the same time as nationalism and several workers movements (particularly anarchism) appeared.

A report of that five-ship voyage can still be seen on reliefs in Hatshepsut's mortuary temple at Deir el-Bahri. Throughout the temple texts, Hatshepsut "maintains the fiction that her envoy" Chancellor Nehsi, who is mentioned as the head of the expedition, had travelled to Punt "in order to extract tribute from the natives" who admit their allegiance to the Egyptian pharaoh. In reality, Nehsi's expedition was a simple trading mission to a land, Punt, which was by this time a well-established trading post. Moreover, Nehsi's visit to Punt was not so brave since he was "accompanied by at least five shiploads of [Egyptian] marines" and greeted warmly by the chief of Punt and his immediate family. The Puntites "traded not only in their own produce of incense, ebony and short-horned cattle, but [also] in goods from other African states including gold, ivory and animal skins." According to the temple reliefs, the Land of Punt was ruled at that time by King Parahu and Queen Ati. This well illustrated expedition of Hatshepsut occurred in Year 9 of the female pharaoh's reign with the blessing of the god Amun:
The Egyptians were not good at travelling at sea. For them, the travel to Punt must have been similar to modern-day explorers travelling to the moon. But the reward of obtaining frankincense, ebony and myrrh clearly outweighed the risks. Hatshepsut's 18th dynasty successors, such as Thutmose III and Amenhotep III continued the tradition of trading with Punt. The trade with Punt continued into the start of the 20th dynasty. Papyrus Harris I, a contemporary Egyptian document which detailed events that occurred in the reign of the early 20th dynasty king Ramesses III, includes an explicit description of an Egyptian expedition's return from Punt:
After the end of the New Kingdom of Egypt period, Punt became "an unreal and fabulous land of myths and legends."

When The Almighty tells Abraham he will kill everyone in Sodom and Gomorrah to punish them, Abraham asks The Almighty not to do that since there might be 50 good people there. The Almighty tells him that He wouldn’t kill anyone there if there were 50 good people so Abraham asks if The Almighty would destroy them if there were 45. He says He wouldn’t kill anyone there if there were 45 good people. Then Abraham asks what He would do if there were 40 and The Almighty said He would let everyone there live if there were 40. Then Abraham asks The Almighty about if there were thirty good people and The Almighty says He wouldn’t kill anyone there if there were thirty good people. Then Abraham asks the Almighty what He would do if there were 20 and He says he wouldn’t kill anyone in the city at all. Then Abraham asks if there were ten and The Almighty says that if there were 10 good people in Sodom and Gomorrah, He wouldn’t destroy the city at all. So the Almighty sent two angels to pretend to be humans and go to Sodom and Gomorrahto look for ten good people. They meet Lot, who brings them into his house and feeds them matzah. Then the people of Sodom and Gomorrah tell Lot they’ll kill him unless he lets them rape the two men who are with him so Lot tells them to rape his two virgin daughters instead. They break Lot’s door down to kill Lot and his wife and children so the angels make the Sodomites blind and tell Lot that The Almighty is going to destroy Sodom and Gomorrah because there aren’t 10 good people there. They tell Lot to run away with his family and not look back. Most of Lot’s family doesn’t listen so he runs away with his wife and two daughters. The Almighty sends fire and sulphur to Sodom and kills everyone there and Lot’s wife turns around and looks back so The Almighty turns her into salt while Lot goes to a city called Zoar.

Roland Kollmann (8 October 1976 in Villach) is a former Austrian football player. He played as striker mainly for GAK. He also played for the Austrian national football team. In 2004 he was top scorer of the league with 27 goals.
Kollmann started his football career at his hometown club SC Landskron. He moved to FC Tirol Innsbruck. After a serious injury he moved to FC Kärnten in the Second league.He was an important player there for the promotion. 2001 he went to Twente Enschede but due to injuries he was not successful. In the 2001/02 winter break he came back to Austria and played for Grazer AK. There he celebrated his greatest successes. He became top scorer in the 2003/04 season and champion and cup winner in the same year. 2007 he went to SK Austria Kärnten. 2008 he came back to GAK. 2011 he left GAK and went to SVG Bleiburg in the Kärntner Landesliga (4th tier) In January 2013, Roland Kollmann moved to Klagenfurter AC in the fifth-class Unterliga Ost. He was not used in any championship games there. So he ended his career as a football player.
Kollmann made eleven appearances for the Austrian national football team, in which he scored four goals. He debuted on 26 March 2003 in a 2-2 draw versus Greece. His last match was on 9 February 2005 versus Latvia. 
2010 he was asistance coach with GAK. On April 3, 2012, Kollmann took over the position of head coach at Bleiburg . He then moved to Florida, where he accepted the position of Director of Coaching at the Schulz Academy. He also was a junior coach there. From 2017 onwards he was coach of two clubs from lower classes.

The words of Hayashi's citation explain:
Private Joe Hayashi distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 20 and 22 April 1945, near Tendola, Italy. On 20 April 1945, ordered to attack a strongly defended hill that commanded all approaches to the village of Tendola, Private Hayashi skillfully led his men to a point within 75 yards of enemy positions before they were detected and fired upon. After dragging his wounded comrades to safety, he returned alone and exposed himself to small arms fire in order to direct and adjust mortar fire against hostile emplacements. Boldly attacking the hill with the remaining men of his squad, he attained his objective and discovered that the mortars had neutralized three machine guns, killed 27 men, and wounded many others. On 22 April 1945, attacking the village of Tendola, Private Hayashi maneuvered his squad up a steep, terraced hill to within 100 yards of the enemy. Crawling under intense fire to a hostile machine gun position, he threw a grenade, killing one enemy soldier and forcing the other members of the gun crew to surrender. Seeing four enemy machine guns delivering deadly fire upon other elements of his platoon, he threw another grenade, destroying a machine gun nest. He then crawled to the right flank of another machine gun position where he killed four enemy soldiers and forced the others to flee. Attempting to pursue the enemy, he was mortally wounded by a burst of machine pistol fire. The dauntless courage and exemplary leadership of Private Hayashi enabled his company to attain its objective. Private Hayashi's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

Coco is a playable character in "Crash Team Racing" and "Crash Bash". The epilogue of "Crash Team Racing" states that Coco opened up her own Internet dating service after the events of the game. In "", Coco builds a device that reverses the effects of Cortex's Planetary Minimizer. In "", Coco is abducted by N. Trance and is brainwashed alongside Crunch and Fake Crash. Coco battles Crash in a large battleship inside an active volcano, with Crash attacking the craft while it is reloading its weaponry. Upon snapping out of N. Trance's control, Coco becomes a playable character, gathering two Crystals in space while escaping the wrath of a fireball created by N. Tropy. Coco is a playable character in "Crash Nitro Kart" as well. In one cutscene, she uses her hacking skills to put the hyperactive Nash to sleep. In "", Coco teams up with the Professor to track down Ripto and Doctor Cortex. Later in the game, they're both kidnapped by Doctor Cortex's niece, Nina Cortex, who keeps them locked up in cages. After being freed from her cage, Coco suggests that Crash and Spyro put a tracer on Cortex and Ripto as to allow the heroes to track the villains back to their hideout. Coco's last major contribution to the story is constructing a portal to Cortex's and Ripto's lair. Coco is a playable character in "Crash Tag Team Racing". In the game's story, Coco discovers the sole clue to whoever stole MotorWorld's Power Gems, which is Wumpa Whip. Because of Crash's high consumption of the beverage, she briefly believes (along with the others) that Crash is the culprit, despite the fact that Willie Wumpa Cheeks is the park's lone source of Wumpa Whip. At the end of the game, Coco returns the park's deed to Von Clutch, to whom it belongs. Coco plays a central role in "Crash Boom Bang!", in which she is invited by the Viscount to the World Cannonball Race in his search for the Super Big Power Crystal.

Some people in Brazil believe Alberto Santos-Dumont was the first person to fly an airplane, before the Wright Brothers. This is for two reasons: First, some people think the Wright Brothers' flight at Kitty Hawk did not count. They believe the Wright Brothers "Flyer" got off the ground but not long enough to count as flying. Others say that the winds at Kitty Hawk helped the "Flyer" too much for the flight to count. Others say that the Kitty Hawk flight did not count because the Wright Brothers used a catapult to get the "Flyer" started. However, the Wright Brothers did not really use a catapult that day, though they did use one with later planes. Second, some people they think the Wright Brothers did fly, but not in 1903 when they said they did. One reason for this is that Alberto Santos-Dumont performed almost all his tests and experiments publicly. Anyone who wanted could watch him work. He often tested his planes with many people watching. The Wright Brothers kept much of their work a secret because they did not want other inventors to steal their ideas. They hoped to patent their work and make money. However, when the Wright Brothers flew their first true plane at Kitty Hawk, they asked five people from the local town and life saving station to come watch and take a photograph. By 1906, the Wright Brothers had flown many of their planes many times, for as far as 39 kilometers. Today, most aviation historians believe that Alberto Santos-Dumont was not the first person to fly.

On June 15, 2009, McMahon announced on a special three-hour edition of Raw that he had "sold" the WWE Raw franchise to Donald Trump, who appeared on-screen to confirm it and declared he would be at the following commercial-free episode in person. WWE issued a press release on the scripted sale while the USA Network later issued a statement confirming the "sale" as part of a storyline. The statement was issued in response to multiple news sources having mistakenly reported the event as legitimate. Due to the mistake, on the day following the announcement, WWE's stock on the New York Stock Exchange notably fell. Despite USA Network's acknowledgment that the sale was fictional, Randy Katz, a securities lawyer with Baker & Hostetler, commented on the Fox Business Network that a probe by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission against WWE and USA Network owner General Electric "certainly is a possibility. The next week, Vince McMahon repurchased Raw from Donald Trump and announced that a "Guest host" initiative originally introduced by Trump in response to the position of General Manager being vacant would go in effect on June 29. Each weekly guest host is usually either a WWE Hall of Famer, a former or returning talent, or other celebrity. The guest host or hostess assumes the role of a brand General Manager, serving as Raw's authority figure for the day. The following year, it was announced that with Vickie Guerrero (and subsequently Bret Hart) becoming the new full-time GM, the guest hosts (while continuing to appear) would no longer have booking power.

The Bahá'í Faith is an Abrahamic religion started in the 1800s by an Iranian person called Bahá'u'lláh who was born in Tehran, Iran. Followers of this religion call themselves Bahá'ís. The name Bahá'u'lláh is Arabic for "The Glory of God". "Glory" is a word that means "importance", "power", and "beauty". Bahá'ís believe Bahá'u'lláh is a representation of God, or speaks for God, and he shows people God's importance, beauty, and brightness.
Bahá'ís are monotheists, which means that they believe in one God. They believe Bahá'u'lláh carried a message from God. Bahá'u'lláh said he was not the only person to carry a message from God, and he was not the last to carry a message from God. He taught that the people who started the other major religions also represented and carried messages from God, such as Jesus, Moses, Krishna, Abraham, Muhammad, the Buddha and others. He called these people "Manifestations of God." They believe the messages from the Manifestations of God get more and more difficult to understand. They say the ones that came earlier on had a more simple message than the ones that came later. Because God is greater than the whole universe, Bahá'u'lláh said that human beings cannot completely know God. He said that God wants people to know as much about him as they can. Bahá'u'lláh wrote God sends special people to manifest (show) himself to ordinary humans. Without the Manifestations of God we could not know God. Bahá'ís believe the God they pray to is the same God Abraham spoke to, Jesus talked about, and Krishna said in Gita. Since Bahá'u'lláh was born in a Muslim family, Bahá'ís are sometimes mistaken as Muslims. Bahá'u'lláh is considered the prophet/manifestation of the present day. Bahá'ís say that he is not the last prophet/manifestation of God. They think there will not be another prophet for 1,000 years after Baha'u'llah's death.

"Music of the Spheres" debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart, becoming the fastest-selling album in the country since Ed Sheeran's 2019 "No.6 Collaborations Project". The album debuted at number four on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, and reached number one on both the Top Alternative Albums and the Top Rock Albums charts. On 14 October 2021, Coldplay announced their eighth concert tour, the Music of the Spheres World Tour, which will begin in San José, Costa Rica, in March 2022. They will visit three continents, with more tour dates to be announced in the future. The tour is part of an ongoing effort to reduce the band's carbon footprint; Chris Martin explained in an interview with BBC that the tour would feature "kinetic flooring" that powers the concerts through the movement of concertgoers, as well as bicycles that do the same thing, meaning that "the whole show is powered from renewable energy". Martin said the band's goal is that they will have "slightly shifted the status quo of how a tour works". On 23 November 2021, "Higher Power" was nominated for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards. In December 2021, Martin said Coldplay would release three more albums until 2025 during an interview for BBC, with one of them being "kind of a musical" while their last will be a "back to the basics" self-titled record. He added, however, that the band will still be active with smaller releases and worldwide touring after 2025. On 23 February 2022, the band released a new stripped-down version of "Let Somebody Go", and a cover of Kid Cudi's 2008 single "Day 'n' Nite". Both songs were part of their Spotify Singles release.

Human Rights Watch criticised the Bush administration in its 2003 world report, stating "Washington has ignored human rights standards in its own treatment of terrorist suspects. It has refused to apply the Geneva conventions to prisoners of war from Afghanistan, and has misused the designation of 'illegal combatant' to apply to criminal suspects on U.S. soil." 
On 25 May 2005, Amnesty International released its annual report calling the prison the "gulag of our times".
In November 2005, a group of experts from the United Nations on Human Rights called off their visit to Guantanamo Bay Camp Delta, saying that the US was not allowing them to hold private interviews with the prisoners. The group continued to write a report on the conditions in the prison based on interviews with released prisoners, lawyers, and human rights groups that had already visited. In February 2006, that report was published. The report called on the US to either charge or release all suspected terrorists, and included the US ambassador's reply to the draft versions of the report.
On 10 March 2006, a letter in the Lancet (a weekly medical journal) was published, signed by over 250 medical experts, calling for the US to stop force-feeding prisoners and close the prison. Dr David Nicholl (who wrote the letter), said that the definition of torture (that the US was using) as only actions that cause "death or major organ failure" was "not a definition anyone on the planet is using." 
Polls run by the "Program of International Policy" (PIP) found that "large majorities in Germany and Great Britain, and pluralities in Poland and India, believe the US has committed violations of international law at its prison on Guantanamo Bay in Cuba, including the use of interrogations." (This means that large amounts of people in Germany, Great Britain, Poland and India thought that the US was breaking international laws at Guantanamo Bay.) PIP found that a lot of the people who filled the polls said that they no longer saw the US as leaders of human rights because of Guantanamo.

Bando was born in Himeji on August 2, 1979. After graduating from Kotogaoka High School, he joined J1 League club Gamba Osaka in 1998. He played many matches as substitute forward. He was transferred to J2 League club Consadole Sapporo in 2000. He scored 15 goals and helped them to promote to J1. In 2002, he moved to Vissel Kobe which based in his local Hyogo Prefecture and became one of the key players in the team. He scored 17 goals in the 2004 season, which made him the third most prolific goal scorer in the league. He then returned to Gamba in 2006. He scored 16 goals and his good form earned him a call-up to the national team. In 2007, Gamba won the champions in J.League Cup. Although he could not play many matches for injury in 2008, Gamba won the champions in 2008 AFC Champions League first Asian title in the club history. Gamba also won the 2008 Emperor's Cup. At Emperor's Cup final, he played as substitute forward and scored a winning goal in extra time. However his opportunity to play decreased behind new player Cho Jae-jin and Leandro in 2009. In 2010, Bando moved to Osaka's cross town rivals, Cerezo Osaka. Although he played many matches as substitute forward, he scored 10 goals in 2011. However he could hardly play in the match in 2013. In July, he moved to Sagan Tosu. However he could not play many matches. In 2015, he moved to J2 club Omiya Ardija. He played many matches in 2015 and Ardija was promoted to J1. However he could hardly play in the match from 2016. In 2018, he move to J3 League club FC Ryukyu. He played many matches and the club won the champions in 2018. Although the club was promoted to J2 from 2019, he retired end of the 2018 season.

Ter-Khachatryan or Ter-Khachatryants is an Armenian family, known from the XVIII century. First well-known representative of this family - Daniel-Bek of Sassun Ter Khachatryan or Ter Khachatryan (born in province Sassun or Sason of Western Armenia) about 1785 - died in (town Mush of Western Armenia), in 1829). He was originally an Armenian nobleman, descendant of South or Sout-West branch, i.e. Tarawn-Aldznik branch of Bagratouni or Bagratids dynasty (Actually son of the Armenian priest of Khachatur and, who was a descendant of the Armenian princely dynasty Bagratid, the south or south-west branch of them in 13-14 centuries saved shallow possessions in the district of Sassun or Sason of Western Armenia and province of Aldznik, as well as in the district of Mush in the province of Tarawn of Western Armenia). As a result of the hard oppressions of Kurd feudal lords, Daniel-Bek of Sassun transmigrated from Sason to the town Mush, where his family had a house in the Armenian quarter of Berd, near the church Saint Marineh. The eldest son of Daniel-Bek of Sassun, Avdal bek Ter-Khachatryants (1805-1867) also lived in Mush. The son of Avdal bek Ter-Khachatryants and grandson of Daniel-Bek of Sassun was Jakob bek (Hakob bek) Ter-Khachatryants. The son of Jakob bek (Hakob bek) Ter-Khachatryants was Khachatur-Bek of Mush (the town Mush of Western Armenia), who lived in the first half of the 19th century. Khachar and Garegin Khachatryan, both prominent Armenian artists and ideologists of Armenian liberation movement, were descendents of his House.

The trains continued to finish at Epping or Loughton until 1949. At this time the London Passenger Transport Board's New Works project extended the Central line to Epping using electric trains. The Central Line would take over the railway from British Rail. As part of this change, the Epping-Ongar branch line had its through trains to London removed. Instead, a shuttle service between Epping (to connect with trains to London) and Ongar was used. At one stage, it was possible to see the unusual sight of steam trains and London Underground electric multiple units side-by-side at Epping. The steam shuttle was hired by the London Transport Executive from British Rail. This was because it was felt that the cost of electrifying the line to Ongar could not be justified because of the low passenger numbers on this part of the branch.
In the 1950s, there were attempts to improve the service on the branch line. Over time, permission was given to electrify the line in 1957. However, because the electrification did not cost much, the branch was only able to have special two- or three-car trains running on it. This was because the power supply was not strong enough to support trains that had more cars. Another problem was that the stations on the line had short platforms. This would mean that the normal 8-car trains would not be able to stop at them. Because of this, the Epping-Ongar branch line was normally operated separately from the rest of the Central Line. However, for two days each year, trains did run through from London. These trains would terminate at North Weald for the airshow on the Saturday and Sunday of its opening. The normal Epping-Ongar service would get around this extra service by passing the train on the other line at North Weald station whilst it headed towards Epping. The train from London was run as an extra train on the normal Central Line timetable. However, this extra train was only four carriages long instead of the normal eight.

Very little is known about Beethoven’s childhood. He was baptized on December 17, 1770 and was probably born a few days before that. Beethoven's parents were Johann van Beethoven (1740 in Bonn – December 18, 1792) and Maria Magdalena Keverich (1744 in Ehrenbreitstein – July 17, 1787). Magdalena's father, Johann Heinrich Keverich, had been Chief at the court of the Archbishopric of Trier at Festung Ehrenbreitstein fortress opposite to Koblenz. His father was a fairly unimportant musician who worked at the court of the Elector of Cologne. This court was in Bonn and it was here that he lived until he was a young man. His father gave him his first lessons in piano and violin. Beethoven was a child prodigy like Mozart, but while Mozart as a little boy was taken all over Europe by his father, Beethoven never traveled until he was 17. By that time, his piano teacher was a man called Neefe who had learned the piano from Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach, the son of Johann Sebastian Bach. Neefe said to the Elector that the young Beethoven should be given the chance to travel, so he was allowed to go to Vienna. There, he might have had one or two lessons from Mozart, but then Beethoven got a letter saying that his mother was dying, so he hurried back to Bonn. Soon his mother died, and Beethoven had to help to look after the family because his father had become an alcoholic. Beethoven played the viola in the orchestra of the Elector, he started to compose, and made many friends. Some of these friends were musicians and others were very important people, many of them were aristocrats who would be able to help him in his career.

Nur Muhammad Taraki was the first leader of the DRA after the Saur Revolution in 1978. He was a founding member of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan PDPA, serving as its General Secretary from 1965 to 1979. Taraki's leadership was short-lived and marked by controversies. The government was divided between two PDPA factions: the Khalqists (led by Taraki), the majority, and the Parchamites, the minority. The second leader of the DRA was Hafizullah Amin. He was an Afghan communist revolutionary, who organized the Saur Revolution of 1978. Amin ordered the death of Taraki by suffocation with pillows on 8 October 1979. The third leader of the DRA was Babrak Karmal. He became a founding member of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan PDPA and eventually became the leader of the Parcham faction. He was an Afghan revolutionary and politician who was the leader of Afghanistan, serving in the post of General Secretary of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan for seven years. The last leader of the DRA was Mohammad Najibullah Ahmadzai, commonly known as Dr. Najib. He was the General Secretary of the PDPA and the leader of the DRA from 1986 to 1992. Dr. Najib changed the name of the Communist Party PDPA to the Hizb-i Watan (Homeland Party). He was the President of Afghanistan from 1987 until his resignation in April 1992, shortlly after the mujahideen took over Kabul.
The Mujahideen resistance movement consisted of several smaller Islamist rebel groups. Despite their differences in region of origin, ethnicity, and religious connection, they fought against one common enemy: the communists (first the Soviets, and later Najibullah's DRA government). They shared the common goal of making Afghanistan an independent Islamic state, unaffected by large powers like the United States, the Soviet Union, and China. These groups were supported by the United States to fight against the Soviets and Najibullah. Seven of these groups came together in 1981 to form the Islamic Unity of Afghanistan's Mujahideen (IUAM), but they did not succeed in forming a united movement.They fought loosely and without strategic coordination. Sometimes, they would even attack each other. Out of these seven groups, there were four important ones: Hesb-e Islami, Jamiat-e Islami, Ittehad-e Islami, and the Haqqani network.

In the fifth book, "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix", the Ministry of Magic has been waging a smear campaign against Harry and Dumbledore, disputing their claims that Voldemort has returned. A new character is introduced when the Ministry of Magic appoints Dolores Umbridge as the latest Hogwarts' Defence Against the Dark Arts instructor (and Ministry spy). Because the paranoid Ministry thinks that Dumbledore is building a wizard army to overthrow them, Umbridge decides not to teach students real defensive magic. She gradually gains more power, eventually seizing control of the school. As a result, Harry's growing angry and erratic behaviour nearly estranges him from Ron and Hermione. Rowling says she put Harry through extreme emotional stress to show his emotional vulnerability and humanity–a contrast to his nemesis, Voldemort. "[Harry is] a very "human" hero, and this is, obviously, a contrast, between him, as a very human hero, and Voldemort, who has deliberately "de"humanised himself. And Harry, therefore, did have to reach a point where he did almost break down, and say he "didn’t" want to play anymore, he "didn’t" want to be the hero anymore – and he’d lost too much. And he didn’t want to lose anything else. So that – "Phoenix" was the point at which I decided he would have his breakdown." At Hermione's urging, Harry secretly teaches his classmates real defensive magic to thwart Umbridge and the Ministry, but their meetings are found and Dumbledore is ousted as Headmaster. Harry suffers another emotional blow, when his godfather, Sirius Black is killed during a battle with Death Eaters at the Department of Mysteries, but Harry ultimately defeats Voldemort's plan to steal an important prophecy and helps uncover Umbridge's sinister motives. Rowling stated: "And now he [Harry] will rise from the ashes strengthened." A sideplot of "Order of the Phoenix" involves Harry's romance with Cho Chang, but the relationship quickly unravels. Says Rowling: "They were never going to be happy, it was better that it ended early!"

Betrayed when she was young by a lover, she comes to town and makes almost all the men in the town fall in love with her. Dmitry and Fyodor Karamazov both love her and hate each other because of her. The book says “…in all fairness, it must be said, she was very, very beautiful and her beauty was that typical Russian beauty which inspires (creates) passion in so many men… She was twenty-two and she looked exactly her age.” She is very clever, for instance. She saves up money very well, proud, and actually much purer than most people think. She likes to torture both Dmitry and his father for fun, to laugh at them, and to have revenge for the hurt she received from her first lover; she can also be quite cruel, like when she lied to Katerina, hurting and insulting her. However, a hidden gentleness, sincerity, and kindness inside her opens up and begins to grow after she becomes friends with Alyosha. Alyosha said, “I expected to find a wicked soul…But instead I have found a true sister, a treasure, a loving soul…”
Silent, cunning. Smerdyakov is the son of an idiot woman named “Stinking Lizaveta,” which is where his name comes from. He was brought up by the servants, Martha and Gregory, and later became Fyodor Karamazov’s cook. He has epilepsy and is very mean, sometimes showing his evil openly, and sometimes pretending to be very humble and afraid. He sometimes plays the guitar to Maria, the landlady’s daughter. He has great respect for Ivan, and Ivan’s beliefs strongly influence his murder of Mr. Karamazov. He is Ivan's "shadow", and puts into action all Ivan's secret thoughts and wishes. He hangs himself later.

McKinley started working with local bands in the Dallas–Fort Worth area, before joining Smith Ballew in 1929, when he met Glenn Miller. The two formed a friendship that lasted from 1929 until Miller's death in 1944. McKinley and Miller joined the Dorsey Brothers in 1934. Miller left for Ray Noble in December 1934, while McKinley remained.
The Dorsey brothers split in 1935. McKinley remained with Jimmy Dorsey until 1939, when he joined Will Bradley, becoming co-leader. McKinley's biggest hit with Bradley, as a singer, was "Beat Me Daddy, Eight to the Bar", which he recorded early in the year 1940 (and for which he got partial songwriting credit under his wife's maiden name Eleanore Sheehy). McKinley is referred to as "Eight Beat Mack" in the lyrics to the song "Down the Road a Piece," which he recorded as a trio with Will Bradley and Freddie Slack in 1940. This was the earliest recording of the song, which was written specifically for Bradley's band by Don Raye.
McKinley and Bradley split in 1942 and McKinley formed his own band, which recorded for Capitol Records. The McKinley band was short-lived. When McKinley broke up the band, he joined Glenn Miller's Army Air Force band, which he co-led with arranger Jerry Gray after Miller's disappearance in December 1944. Upon being discharged at the end of the following year, McKinley formed an excellent, remarkably modern big band that featured a book of original material by legendary arranger Eddie Sauter (along with a helping of novelty vocals by the leader). Sam Butera, later of the back-up band for Louis Prima was also a member.
But with the business in decline, by 1950 that band was history and McKinley began evolving into a part-time leader and sometime radio and TV personality.
McKinley and Bradley split in 1942 and McKinley formed his own band, which recorded for Capitol Records. The McKinley band was short-lived. When McKinley broke up the band, he joined Glenn Miller's Army Air Force band, which he co-led with arranger Jerry Gray after Miller's disappearance in December 1944. Upon being discharged at the end of the following year, McKinley formed an excellent, remarkably modern big band that featured a book of original material by legendary arranger Eddie Sauter (along with a helping of novelty vocals by the leader). Sam Butera, later of the back-up band for Louis Prima was also a member.

Poaching is now a major problem in the country. The main cause for poaching in Russia is the consequence of the social and political changes since the collapse of the Soviet Union. State-controlled farms stopped functioning due to the fall of the previous system resulting in high unemployment. Unemployment, poverty, inflation, shortage of food and demand for foreign currency have major impact on the wildlife in the country. Animals being poached are bear, musk deer, tiger etc. Approximately 50,000 cases of poaching are registered annually in Russia.
Between 1992 and 1996, law enforcement agencies in Russia mainly focused on drug trafficking, arms trafficking, money laundering and 
the First Chechen War, and environmental crimes like poaching and illegal timber smuggling were generally not treated as national security issues. During the post-perestroika transition, the government agencies for environment and wildlife protection experienced severe budget cuts which led to layoffs and salary reductions for wildlife rangers in places like Primorski Krai and it reduced the resources of the rangers to fight against the poachers. There has been an increasing demand for bear parts, especially bile, and it led to an increase in poaching of bears in the Russian Federation. The collapse of communism in the country had significant influence on the average Russian's economic ability to maintain his or her family. There are a large population of bears in Russia, and Russia's trade in bear parts is primarily with nearby Asian countries like South Korea and the People's Republic of China. Because of these poaching of bears become easy for Russians. Poaching of the snow leopard is a serious problem in Russia along with Afghanistan, India, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Mongolia, Nepal, Pakistan, People’s Republic of China, Russia, Tajikstan and Uzbekistan.

News reporter Kimberly Wells (Jane Fonda) and her cameraman Richard Adams (Michael Douglas) are filming a special on nuclear power at the (fictional) Ventana Nuclear Power Plant when they witness an earthquake followed by a reactor scram. In the control room, Jack Godell (Jack Lemmon) notices that the water level is high and asks another member of the crew to open a relief valve. Ted Spindler (Wilford Brimley) warns him that regulations do not permit opening the relief valve, but he proceeds to open it anyway. The control room crew then notices that the water level is actually dangerously low, and declare an emergency over the intercom ordering all personnel to safety areas. They manage to bring the water level back up to a safe level, meanwhile, Richard secretly films the incident. Richard wants to show the film on television, but the station manager will not allow it. Richard then steals the film and shows it to a group of nuclear engineers who determine that the plant came very close to the China syndrome, where the core would have melted through its containment and down into the Earth, contaminating a large area. Meanwhile, Jack Godell discovers that the welds on the main pump are not safe, and takes over the plant by force, locks himself in the control room, and demands to be interviewed on television. A SWAT team is called in, and proceeds to break into the control room. The other members of the control room crew cut wires in other areas of the plant to intentionally cause a scram. When the scram begins, the main pump fails, and Jack Godell is shot by the SWAT team.

Homan first appeared on the wheelchair tennis tour in 2003. By the end of the season she had reached number 23. Homan did not have a ranking at the start of the year. In 2004 at the age of 17 Homan won her first Masters title. She won the doubles with Jiske Griffioen. At the 2005 US Open Homan reached her first Grand Slam finals. She reached both the singles and the doubles final. In the singles she lost in straight sets to Vergeer. But she won the doubles with Vergeer. In 2006 Homan won her first two series one titles. She won both the singles and doubles titles in Livorno. Homan also reached her second Grand Slam doubles final. At the US Open Maaike Smit was her team mate. They lost in straight sets to Vergeer and Griffioen. The pair also lost the final of the Masters. Homan started 2007 by losing in the final of the Australian Open doubles. Her partner in the event was Florence Gravellier. They lost the final in a match tiebreaker. At the US Open Homan was joined by Sharon Walraven. The pair reached the final before losing. Homan also had final defeats at the Super Series events of the British, Japan and US Opens. Homan lost both finals at the Masters. In 2008 Homan lost both the singles and doubles finals at the Australian and French Opens. She also lost in the singles final at the Masters. At the Paralympic Games Homan won a Gold Medal in the doubles event. She also won a silver medal in the singles. In the final she became the first player in over five years to hold match point against Vergeer. Homan's last competition was the 2010 Australian Open. In July 2011 Homan said that she had retired because of a wrist injury.

By May 1865, Hall decided to leave New South Wales. But a man, Mick 'Goobang' Coneley, who had once given the gang help, told the police where Hall was hiding. During the night a group of eight policemen found Hall sleeping under a tree at Billabong Creek, near Forbes. The police were armed with double-barrelled shotguns and rifles. Led by Sub-Inspector Davidson, the police placed themselves in a large circle around Ben Hall's camp. When he woke up at dawn on 5 May 1865, Hall was shot 30 times as he tried to run away. A newspaper report said his body was "riddled" with bullets. He did not shoot his pistol once. The first rifle shots of the police cut his belt in two, and his guns fell to the ground. Goobang Mick was given a £500 reward. The police were given another £500 reward.
Ben Hall's body was wrapped in his poncho, tied to a horse and taken back to Forbes. An official inquest was held in the court house to find out how he died, and both Davidson and Condell submitted reports. Ben Hall was buried in Forbes Cemetery on Sunday, 7 May 1865. A lot of people went to see him buried. The first wooden grave marker and fence were burnt in a bushfire. Two brothers from Forbes, the Pengilly brothers, put a headstone on the grave in the 1920s. The tree that Hall slept under before he was killed became an attraction. People in the 1920s were still able to see bullets in the tree trunk. The tree was destroyed in a bushfire in 1926. His grave is well looked after and many people still come to look at it. Ben Hall's gun, a Colt pistol, is now in the National Library of Australia.

From a young age, Lopez's Puerto Rican parents stressed the importance of work ethic and being able to speak English. They encouraged their three daughters to put on performances at home, singing and dancing in front of each other and their friends so that they would stay "out of trouble". While attending her final year of high school, Lopez learned about a film casting that was seeking several teenage girls for small roles. She auditioned and was cast in "My Little Girl" (1986), an low-budget film co-written and directed by Connie Kaiserman. After she finished filming her role in the film, Lopez knew that she wanted to become a "famous movie star". She told her parents this, but they ensisted that it was a "really stupid" idea and that "no Latinos did that". Their disagreements led Lopez to move out of their family home and into an apartment in Manhattan. During this period, Lopez performed in regional productions of several musicals, before being hired for the chorus in a musical that toured Europe for five months. She was unhappy with the role, as she was the only member of the chorus not to have a solo. From there, she got a job on the show "Synchronicity" in Japan, where she acted as a dancer, singer and a choreographer. Lopez then gained her first regular high-profile job as a Fly Girl dancer on the television comedy program "In Living Color". She moved to Los Angeles with then-boyfriend David Cruz to film the series and remained a regular cast member until 1993 when she decided to pursue an acting career.

The Chanda (Malayalam: ചെണ്ട, [tʃeɳʈa]) is a cylindrical percussion instrument used widely in the state of Kerala, Tulu Nadu of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu in India. In Tulu Nadu (Coastal Karnataka), it is known as "chende". It is greatly identified as a cultural element in Kerala.
This instrument is famous for its loud and rigid sound. A Chenda has two sides, the left side called "Edamthala" (ഇടം തല)(Left Head) and the right side "Valamthala" (വലം തല)(Right Head). The "Edamthala" is made of only one/two layer of cow skin and the "Valamthala" will have a five/seven layer skin, so as to have a bass sound. The skin are dried in the shade and fastened on wooden rings (Chenda Vattam, ചെണ്ട വട്ടം) made of the trunk of a locally available palm tree (Eeranpana) or bamboo, using a gum prepared from the seed of a tree called "pananchi maram". The circular frame is kept in a vessel, boiled for an entire day and then bent in the form of circle and dried. The body of the Chenda which is 1 ft in diameter and 1.5 inches thickness is made of the soft wood of the jackfruit tree (വരിക്ക പ്ലാവ്) (Varikka Plavu). The thickness is again reduced by 0.25 inches, at simultaneous points separated by 4 inches. This is done in order to produce highly resonating sound. Only the wooden rings with the skin (Chenda Vattam) is replaced once the quality of the sound is not up to the mark. For regular Chenda artists an average of 15 rings are required every year.
The Chenda is mainly played in Hindu temple festivals and as an accompaniment in the religious art forms of Kerala. The chenda is used as an accompaniment for Kathakali, Koodiyattam, Kannyar Kali, Theyyam and among many forms of dances and rituals in Kerala. It is also played in a dance-drama called Yakshagana (Tenku Thittu) which is popular in Tulu Nadu in Karnataka. There is a variant of this instrument used in northern school of Yakshagana called Chande. It is traditionally considered to be an "Asura Vadyam" ((demonic instrument)) which means it cannot go in harmony. Chenda is an inevitable musical instrument in all form of cultural activities in Kerala.

In 1794, when Sophie was 18, the Ecole Polytechnique was founded in Paris. It was an academy to train mathematicians and scientists for the country, but women were not allowed to join. Sophie was able to get the lecture notes for several of the courses and study from them. This gave her the opportunity to learn from many of the prominent mathematicians of those days. Sophie was particularly interested in the teachings of Joseph Louis Lagrange. Under the pseudonym of M. LeBlanc (a former student of Lagrange's), she submitted a paper on analysis to Lagrange at the end of the term. He was quite impressed with the work and wanted to meet the student who had written it. He was amazed that the author of the work was actually a female; he recognized her abilities and became her mentor. With a male to introduce her, Sophie could enter the circle of scientists and mathematicians that she never before could. Up until this point not only had her gender been a hindrance to her, but her social status had been too, because she was not an aristocratic woman but one of the middle class. Lagrange certainly made his colleagues aware that Germain was a girl with mathematical talent and several of them wrote to her; for instance, Monge. But not everyone treated her with the respect she deserved. One case was Jérôme Lalande. She started to talk to him about Laplace's Exposition du système du monde. Lalande told her that she should not be reading such works, rather she should be reading the second edition of his book Astronomie des dames. This "astronomy for ladies" does not contain a single mathematical equation and Germain felt insulted by his suggestion. Lalande sent her a letter of apology but she never forgave him.

The Miami Heat are an American professional basketball team in the National Basketball Association (NBA) in Miami, Florida. It was started in 1988. They play their home games at the Kaseya Center and won three championships in 2006, 2012, and 2013. Led by Dwyane Wade and Shaquille O'Neal, they won the 2006 NBA Finals where they defeated the Dallas Mavericks 4 games to 2 after trailing two games to zero. Wade was the Finals MVP. During the 2010 off-season, the Heat acquired LeBron James and Chris Bosh from the Cleveland Cavaliers and Toronto Raptors, respectively to team up with 2003 fellow draftee Wade, making the Heat favorites to win multiple championships. With a "Big Three" of Wade, LeBron, and Bosh, Miami reached four consecutive Finals from 2011–2014. Miami met Dallas again in the Finals in 2011 with the Mavericks winning the rematch 4 games to 2. The Heat won again in the 2012 NBA Finals where they defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder 4 games to 1. LeBron was the Finals MVP for the first time in his career. They also defeated the San Antonio Spurs in 2013 Finals 4 games to 3, handing the Spurs their first-ever Finals loss. LeBron was the Finals MVP for the second straight year. In the 2014 Finals, the Heat were attempting a three-peat and once again faced the Spurs, with the Spurs winning in five games. After four years with the Heat, LeBron returned to the Cavaliers. The Heat returned to the Finals in 2020, losing to the Los Angeles Lakers (led by former Heat player James) in six games. Three years later, the Heat made their seventh Finals appearance, this time against the Denver Nuggets, losing in five games.

By 1924 three-cushion had become so popular that two very well know players in other billiard areas agreed to play each other in it at a challenge match. On September 22, 1924 Willie Hoppe (last name rhymes with "poppy"), the world balkline champion and Ralph Greenleaf, the world pocket billiards (pool) title holder, played a well-advertised, multiple-day, 600-point match. Hoppe was the eventual winner with a final score of 600–527. The game's decline in the U.S. came about in 1952 when Hoppe, then 51-time billiards champion, announced his retirement.
Three-cushion billiards is a very difficult game. Averaging one point per turn at the table is professional-level play, and averaging 1.5 to 2 is world-class play. An average of one means that for every turn at the table, a player makes one point and misses once. This means that the player makes a point on only 50% of his or her shots. The highest run at three-cushion billiards for many years was 25, set by the American Willie Hoppe in 1918 during an exhibition. As of 2007, the high run record is 31 points, shared between Semih Saygıner of Turkey and Hugo Patiño who is originally from Colombia but resides in the U.S. The best game at the standard 50 points in a tournament is 9 innings by the Swedish player, Torbjörn Blomdahl in 2000, and 4 innings (count: 19-11-9-11) by Korean and U.S. national champion, Sang Lee in September 1992 in a game at SL Billiards in Queens, New York. The highest tournament average is 2.536 by Dick Jaspers from the Netherlands in 2002 at a tournament in Monaco. Raymond Ceulemans from Belgium has won an unmatchable 21 three-cushion billiards world-championships.

The engineering of the Morden extension of the C&SLR from Clapham Common to Morden was more demanding, running in tunnels to a point just north of Morden station, which was constructed in a cutting. The line then runs under the wide station forecourt and public road outside the station, to the depot. The extension was initially planned to continue to Sutton over part of the route for the unbuilt Wimbledon and Sutton Railway, in which the UERL held a stake, but agreements were made with the Southern Railway to end the extension at Morden. The Southern Railway later built the surface line from Wimbledon to Sutton, via South Merton and St. Helier. The tube extension opened in 1926, with seven new stations, all designed by Charles Holden in a modern style. Originally, Stanley Heaps was to design the stations, but after seeing these designs Frank Pick, Assistant Joint Manager of the UERL, decided Holden should take over the project. With the exception of Morden and Clapham South, where more land was available, the new stations were built on confined corner sites at main road junctions in areas that had been already developed. Holden made good use of this limited space and designed impressive buildings. The street-level structures are of white Portland stone with tall double-height ticket halls, with the famous London Underground roundel made up in coloured glass panels in large glazed screens. The stone columns framing the glass screens are surmounted by a capital formed as a three-dimensional version of the roundel. The large expanses of glass above the entrances ensure that the ticket halls are bright and, lit from within at night, welcoming. The first and last new stations on the extension, Clapham South and Morden, include a parade of shops and were designed with structures capable of being built above (like many of the earlier central London stations). Clapham South was extended upwards soon after its construction with a block of apartments; Morden was extended upwards in the 1960s with a block of offices. All the stations on the extension, except Morden itself, are Grade II listed buildings.

Clara is introduced a second time in the 2012 Christmas special "The Snowmen". This was her first episode as the Doctor's companion. She was a young barmaid and governess in 1892. She follows the Doctor after he saves her from an attack by living snowmen. The Doctor asks her to travel with him after she enters the TARDIS, his time and space machine. Soon after this, Clara falls to her death after being attacked. Her tombstone shows her full name to be "Clara Oswin Oswald". The Doctor sees that she is the same woman as Oswin from the Asylum. She even says the same things Oswin had said. Intrigued by a woman who has lived and died two times in different periods of history, he begins look across time for another Clara. The episode ends with a young woman, who could be a modern-day Clara, walking through the graveyard and stopping by Clara Oswin Oswald's tomb. In a short prequel to the post-Christmas episode, the Doctor meets the modern Clara Oswald as a child, but he does not know it is her. In "The Bells of Saint John", the modern Clara meets the Doctor after being given his phone number by a woman in a shop. After an adventure in London, the Doctor asks Clara to become his companion. In "The Rings of Akhaten", the Doctor tries to learn more about who (or what) Clara really is. After watching her parents and her childhood, he finds nothing that is not normal. The episode shows that her mother died when she was a teenager. In "Hide", the Doctor goes to a haunted mansion to ask the psychic Emma Grayling about Clara. She says Clara is just an ordinary girl. "Hide" and "Journey to the Centre of the TARDIS" also show that the TARDIS does not like Clara. In a version of time which was stopped from happening, the Doctor talks with Clara about the two previous versions of her he had met. She did not know what he is talking about.

The Croatian language is spoken mainly throughout the countries of Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina and in the surrounding countries of Europe.
Croatian grammar is the grammar of the Croatian language. The Croatian language consists of three vernaculars (Kaikavian, Chakavian and Shtokavian).
Croatian grammar books show that the codification of the language started at the beginning of the 17th century (the first grammar was written by Bartol Kašić in Latin in 1604). This means that the rules for the language were written down. From 1604 to 1836 there were 17 grammars. Most of them described the Štokavian dialect, but some were about Kajkavian. In the 19th century, more grammars based on Štokavian were written. They were "Nova ricsoslovnica illiricka", written by Šime Starčević (1812), and "Grammatik der illyrischen Sprache", written by Ignjat Alojzije Brlić (1833). Even before the 19th century, the three dialects of the Croatian language were almost equally used. However, the way each dialect was written down varied throughout Croatia. Near the Adriatic coast, it was more similar to Italian, and near the Hungarian border, it was more similar to Hungarian.
All grammars of the above period (1604-1836) used three accents: acute, grave and circumflex, Starčević's grammar is an exception as it uses a system of four accents.
In 19th century, Ljudevit Gaj proposed new letters from Czech (č,ž,š,ľ,ň,ď and ǧ). The letters that were accepted were č, ž and š, and from Polish, ć. For other phonemes (sounds), the digraphs that were accepted were ie, lj, nj and dž. Later dj or gj was changed to đ (according to proposal by Đuro Daničić).

Urban design is a subject of urban planning focusing on design of cities or other urban areas. Whereas architecture focuses on individual buildings, urban design is about the design of whole neighbourhoods and entire cities. It is about making them functional and attractive.
There are many problems that urban design tries to fix. One of them has to do with public health. One of the most talked about issues is about how easily people can walk to where they need to go. It became a bigger issue recently, not only because of the environment, but also because of people not being very healthy. Cities with a lot of gas cars hurt people. When people live around cars that blow smoke. people start to get really sick. People's hearts will beat in a weird way and it can lead to people dying. More people die from bad air each year than from getting hit by a car. That makes people want some changes. So they go out to say to people that the cities have to change. Instead of cars, they want cities to use trains for going really far, and they want cities to use bikes or buses to go not very far. Then they want people to be able to walk to any close by places. This would help public health double by getting rid of car smoke and getting people to walk more. This can help people's hearts beat normally and not let them die. It is also good exercise. There is evidence that cities can get people to walk more in them by having more open public spaces, stores within walking distance, grass, trees and other pleasing designs outside, and other things. It also helps with mental health, because people are more likely to talk to each other and that cuts down on loneliness.

The first section requires states to recognize the "full faith and credit" of the public acts, records and court proceedings of other states. 
This clause makes certain that any judicial decisions made in courts of one state are recognized and honored in all other states. This eliminates the practice of "forum shopping", the practice of having a legal case heard in the court thought most likely to provide a favorable judgment. It also prevents someone moving from one state to another to escape a judgment. 
In "Mills v. Duryee" (1813), the United States Supreme Court ruled that the merits of a case, as settled by courts of one state, must be recognized by the courts of other states. state courts may not reopen cases which have been conclusively decided by the courts of another state. Later, Chief Justice John Marshall suggested that the judgment of one state court must be recognized by other states' courts as final. However, in "McElmoyle v. Cohen" (1839), the court heard a case where one party obtained a judgment in South Carolina and sought to enforce it in Georgia, which had a statute of limitations that barred actions on judgments after a certain amount of time had passed. The court upheld Georgia's refusal to enforce the South Carolina judgment. The court found that out-of-state judgments are subject to the procedural law of the states where they are enforced, notwithstanding any priority it may be given in the state in which they it was issued.
Clause One of Section 2 requires interstate protection of "privileges and immunities". The apparent ambiguity of the clause has given rise to a number of different interpretations. Some contend that the clause requires Congress to treat all citizens equally. Others suggest that citizens of states carry the rights accorded by their home states while traveling in other states.

At the end of 1988, Dunham was told by James McCawley, a talent booker for "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson", that Dunham would be given a spot on the program. Though the 26-year-old Dunham was elated that his 10-year goal was arriving two years early, McCawley later cancelled Dunham's appearance after attending, with Roseanne Barr, a public performance of Dunham's the day before Dunham's scheduled "Tonight Show" taping. McCawley informed Dunham on the day of the scheduled taping that he had been wrong in his initial assessment of Dunham, whom he now said was not ready for "The Tonight Show". His dreams dashed, the humiliated Dunham continued to tighten his act in Los Angeles clubs, performing same six minute segment with Peanut a total of nine times for McCawley over the next few months. Finally at the Ice-House in Pasadena in April 1990, after Dunham did the same segment, McCawley informed Dunham that he would finally get his "Tonight Show" appearance. Dunham and Peanut appeared on "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson" on April 6, 1990, alongside guests Bob Hope and B.B. King. Following his bit, he was invited to sit on Johnny Carson’s couch, a mark of approval that only three comedians had ever garnered during their first Carson appearance. Upon sitting down next to Carson's desk, Dunham pulled out Walter, who told Carson sidekick Ed McMahon, "Stop sending me all your damn mail." At the time, Dunham saw his "Tonight Show" appearance as his big break, but was frustrated at his parents' initial disapproval over Walter's use of the words "hell" and "damn", and he would toil in obscurity for another twelve years, continuing his stand up at venues such as The Improv chain, and appearing in small roles on TV. One of these was such as a 1996 episode of "Ellen", in which he appeared with Walter. Dunham also appeared with Walter in a TV commercial for Hertz. Dunham would appear on "The Tonight Show" a total of four times, as well as similar TV venues such as "Hot Country Nights", appearing in one segment on that show with singer Reba McEntire. This exposure helped make Dunham a large theater headliner, a rare accomplishment for a ventriloquist, but by the mid 1990s, his television appearances had dwindled, and with them, so did his stage audiences.

On the morning of February 18, Hans and Sophie snuck into the University while classes were going. Spreading leaflets in the halls, they began to leave the university when Sophie realized she still had more leaflets in her briefcase. Hurrying up to the top floor of the University, they began to distribute the remaining leaflets. They were still up there when the bell signaling the end of classes rang. Panicked, Sophie grabbed the last stack of flyers and threw them over the balcony and into the "Lichtlof", or indoor atrium. This action was noticed by Jakob Schmid, who was a custodian working in the atrium as the papers fell. Schmid, who was also a Nazi Party Member, locked the exit doors and alerted the Gestapo, who came and arrested Sophie and Hans. For four days Hans was interrogated. At first he denied everything, but when he realized that denying was pointless he changed his story, taking all of the blame in order to protect the other members who hadn’t been captured yet. Unfortunately, Hans had had a leaflet draft written by Christoph on his person when he was arrested. Christoph, who had bowed off the group due to being married with three children, was captured on February 20. On February 22, Hans, Sophie and Christoph were tried by Roland Freisler, a hard judge known as the “hanging judge” for sentencing up to 90% of the accused to death. The verdict was as expected as it was sad: death by guillotine. Hans and the others were hustled off to prison, where they learned the shocking news that the execution was to take place that same day. Hans and Sophie were able to see their parents before they died.

Starting his career in the youth teams of Virtus Bologna, Marco Belinelli made his professional debut in LegA in 2002. In the following year, he switched to the rival Bologna club, Fortitudo Bologna, due to his former club's financial troubles. He achieved an Italian championship with them in 2005.
In 2006, he represented Italy in the World Championships, with the team finishing in ninth place.
In 2007, he entered the NBA Draft, which took place on June 28, 2007, at Madison Square Garden in New York. The Golden State Warriors selected him as the eighteenth overall pick.
On August 11, 2010, he was traded to the New Orleans Hornets in exchange for Julian Wright. In 2011, he played in the playoffs as a starter for the New Orleans Hornets and had an impressive season.
During the 2011 European Championship, Italy managed to field its three NBA players: Marco Belinelli, Danilo Gallinari, and Andrea Bargnani. Despite being placed in a challenging group in the initial round, which included France, Germany, Serbia, Israel, and Latvia, Italy finished the competition with only one victory.
In 2014, he achieved an NBA championship with the San Antonio Spurs, becoming the first Italian player to accomplish this feat.
On July 13, 2015, he signed with the Sacramento Kings. On February 11, 2018, he signed with the Philadelphia 76ers.
On July 1, 2018, he made a return to the San Antonio Spurs, signing a two-year contract worth twelve million dollars.
On November 26, 2020, he left the NBA and returned to Virtus Bologna.

Internet Explorer 8 was released on March 19, 2009. It had been in development since August 2007. On March 5, 2008, the first public beta (Beta 1) was released to the general public. On August 27, 2008, the second public beta (Beta 2) was released. It was supported in Windows XP SP2 and SP3, Windows Server 2003 SP2, Windows Vista, Windows 7, and Windows Server 2008 on both 32-bit as well as 64-bit architectures. Internet Explorer 8 (IE8) RC1 was released on January 26, 2009. Internet Explorer 8 "Final" was released on March 19, 2009. Security, ease of use, and improvements in RSS, CSS, and Ajax support were Microsoft's priorities for IE8. It included much stricter compliance with web standards, including a planned full Cascading Style Sheets 2.1 compliance for the release version. All these changes allow Internet Explorer 8 to pass the Acid2 test. However, to prevent compatibility issues, IE8 also includes the IE7 rendering behavior. Sites that expect IE7 quirks can disable IE8's breaking changes by including a meta element in the HEAD section of the HTML document. IE8 also includes numerous improvements to JavaScript support as well as performance improvements, although it still does not pass the Acid3 test, with version 8.0 scoring 20/100. It includes support for "Accelerators" - which allow supported web applications to be invoked without explicitly navigating to them - and "WebSlices" - which allows portions of page to be subscribed to and monitored from a redesigned "Favorites Bar". Other features include "InPrivate" privacy features and SmartScreen phishing filter.

Unlike regular trivia games, the questions are given as clues, and players come up with questions as an answer. For example, a clue would be "one of our Founding Fathers, he was our first president", and the correct response would be "who is George Washington?". The game of "Jeopardy!" consists of three rounds: the Jeopardy! round, the Double Jeopardy! round, and the Final Jeopardy! round. In the Jeopardy! round, there are six categories with five clues in each, each worth between $200 to $1,000. One of the clues is a Daily Double, in which a contestant may wager up to $1,000 or the amount of his or her cash winnings, depending on which is more. The Double Jeopardy! round is like the Jeopardy! round, but the clues are worth double the amount. In this round there are two Daily Doubles instead of one. The Final Jeopardy! round is made up of just one category and one clue. Only players with more than $0 after the Double Jeopardy! round may play the Final Jeopardy! round. During the commercial break, players write their wagers based on their knowledge of the given category. After the commercial break, the host reads the clue. The players have 30 seconds to write their answers, again in the form of a question. During this time the lights dim, and the "Think!" theme plays in the background. The player with the most money at the end of the game keeps his or her winnings and comes back to the next show. Second-place players get a $2,000 cash prize, and third place players get a $1,000 cash prize.

The history of saffron growing reaches back more than 3,000 years. The wild plant from which the saffron crocus came was called "Crocus cartwrightianus". Humans began choosing wild plants that had long "stigmas". Gradually, a form of "C. cartwrightianus", "C. sativus", came into being in the late Bronze Age Crete. The first document to mention saffron is a 7th century BC Assyrian book about botany which was written in the time of Ashurbanipal. There is evidence for the use of saffron in the treatment of about 90 illnesses during the past 4,000 years.
The Minoans had pictures of saffron in their palaces as long ago as 1500–1600 BC, showing how it could be used as a medicine. Later, Greek legends told of sea voyages to Cilicia, where adventurers hoped to find the world's most valuable saffron. Another legend tells how someone named Crocus was bewitched and transformed into the original saffron crocus. Ancient Mediterranean peoples–including perfumers in Egypt, physicians in Gaza, townspeople in Rhodes, and the Greek "hetaerae" courtesans–used saffron in their perfumes, ointments, potpourris, mascaras, divine offerings, and medical treatments.
In late Hellenistic Egypt, Cleopatra used saffron in her baths to make her feel good. Egyptian healers used saffron as a treatment for all types of gastrointestinal ailments. Saffron was also used as a fabric dye in Levant cities. Aulus Cornelius Celsus prescribes saffron in medicines for wounds, cough, colic, and scabies, and in the mithridatium. Roman colonists took their saffron with them when they settled in southern Gaul, where it was extensively cultivated until Rome's fall. Competing theories say that saffron only returned to France with 8th century AD Moors or with the Avignon papacy in the 14th century AD.

Late on September 4, an area of low pressure developed to the southeast of Okinawa, Japan. Over the next two days, the system drifted north and developed a well defined LLCC with organized convective banding, prompting the JMA to upgrade the low pressure area to a tropical depression. On September 7, convection consolidated the low-level circulation center very well with tightly curved banding wrapped into it. Also, high sea-surface temperatures and very low wind shear caused the system to undergo rapid deepening, prior to which, the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm and named it "Kulap". However, the system stopped strengthening soon after as the LLCC became partially exposed and the convection was displaced to the south. Kulap remained small in size and dry air entering from the western periphery kept it from strengthening further. Wind shear increased, pushing convection about south of the LLCC. Also, Kulap was beneath a tropical upper tropospheric trough (TUTT cell) that caused subsidence. A mid-level subtropical steering ridge cuased Kulap to track in a northwestward direction. On September 8, Kulap moved into the east-northeast periphery of the Philippine Area of Responsibility (PAR) prompting the PAGASA to start issuing advisories on the system, naming it "Nonoy". However, Kulap quickly accelerated north and exited the PAR on the same evening, prompting the PAGASA to issued their final advisory on the system. After increasing wind shear caused further weakening, the JTWC downgraded Kulap to a tropical depression late on September 8. Early on September 10, the JMA too downgraded Kulap to a tropical depression, and continued to track Kulap's remnants as a tropical depression until it finally dissipated early on September 11.

The university building is an example of Stalinist architecture. In total, there are seven such towers around Moscow. The tower at the university is the largest one. The tower was designed by architect Lev Vladimirovich Rudnev. It was built after the war. He was awarded the Stalin Prize for its construction, in 1949. The building was the largest skyscraper outside New York for a long time. It was the tallest buildimg in Europe, until 1988. The central tower is 240m high. It has 36-stories. It is flanked by four huge wings of student and faculty accommodations. It is said to contain a total of 33 kilometers of corridors and 5,000 rooms. Facilities that are inside the building include a concert hall, a theatre, a museum, various administration services, a library, a swimming pool, a police station, a post office, a laundry, a hairdresser's salon, a canteen, bank offices, shops, cafeterias, and a bomb shelter. Along with the university administration, four of the main faculties - Faculty of Mechanics and Mathematics, the Faculty of Geology, the Faculty of Geography, and the Faculty of Fine and Performing Arts - now are in the Main building. The star on the top of the tower is large enough so that it has a small room and a viewing platform; it weighs 12 tons. The building's facades are decorated with giant clocks, barometers, and thermometers, statues, carved wheat sheaves, and Soviet crests (recently renovated). It stands before a terrace featuring statues of male and female students gazing optimistically and confidently into the future.

The Xoraxane Roma in Turkey named official since the 1990's in Turkish as Romanlar (singular"Roman", male "Rom", female "Romliye"), but other Turkish designations like Çingene (Gypsy), Esmer Vatandaş, Kıpti and many other names also in use, but some used Çingene, or selfname Manuş (Human) and Şopar (Gypsy kid) for themself in East Thrace. In English they are named "Turkish Gypsy". The Word Gypsy is not pejorative for them. There are a number of subgroups, all named after their old professional jobs or only Xoraxane. There Religion is Sunni Muslim of Hanafi school and some are Members of a Sufism Tarika. Engagement's, marriage's, and circumcision of the boys (Sünnet party)'s, are big festivals.
The Roma people in Turkey speak the Turkish language as first language. Most do not speak the Romani language anymore, and many hide there Romani Background designate themselves as Turks only, and didn't want to be call as Roma. The majority live in East Thrace, this is why East Thrace is jokily called "Gypsy County"' (Şoparistan), and Citys like Istanbul, Edirne and Izmir. They have Turkish citizenship and adopted the Turkish culture, they havent Romanipen (a special Romani culture-code etc.), like christian roma in europe. The Romanlar from Turkey distance themselves from all other Roma groups from europe, it doesnt matter if they are Christian or Muslims.
The Romanlar are closer to Turks as to any Roma Groups of Europe. They have only a lesser similarity with the Turkish speaking Xoraxane Roma from Bulgaria, Romani (Dobruja) or Greece (West-Thrace). They also havent an Minority status, and they didnt want to be called as Minority. Some of the Turkish Romani came as Guest worker to Germany and Austria in the 1960-70's. None of them was looked as Roma by the Host Population, only as Turks in Germany, where some of the Turkish-Romani Men married with German or Austrian Womans. The Offsprings of this Marriages called Melezi (Halfblood), a Turkish Loanword in the Romani language dialects of the Muslim Roma for people with mixed Romani blood.
In Turkey, the Romanlar do all kind of low Jobs, but also as flower sellers, basketmaker etc.

The player controls Mac or Bloo. Both characters can throw paper balls, and you barely have to do that. Mostly you spend time collecting items to complete objectives. There are also three boss battles with Terrence, who mostly fires his slingshot and is accompinied by another enemy in the second and third battles. Mac and Bloo both have different abilities. Mac can slingshot paper balls (but only after the first fight with Terrence), double-jump to reach higher platforms, and duck to avoid flying objects. Bloo can roll his body into a ball to get into narrow spaces. Both of them have the abilities to slide down banisters, launch paper balls, talk to non-playable characters, and hide from enemies. Talking can give you an advantage. For example, every time the player would need to get up to a higher place that Mac can't double-jump to, if Wilt is around, talking to him will get him to lift the player up. Sometimes, you have to make it past enemies. Bendy is the most common enemy. He throws things down from above. Hitting him with a paper ball will make him cry and stop doing things for a short amount of time. Getting hit by an enemy will deplete the player's health, which is a row of three candies. Every time you get hit, you lose a candy, but you could collect more to replenish them. Dying will cause you to come from the door you last entered. The game has three minigames which can be unlocked by collecting Game-Hive tickets. When the player enters a door they might switch characters. The player is not in control of who they are using. Every time he or she enters a door, there is a chance of characters switching. In the final battle with Terrence and Duchess, the player can change between Mac and Bloo at any time.

Elvis Presley was born on January 8, 1935 in Tupelo, Mississippi to 18-year-old Vernon Elvis Presley and 22-year-old Gladys Love Presley (born Smith), in the two-room shotgun house built by Vernon's father in preparation for the child's birth. Jesse Garon Presley, his identical twin brother, was delivered stillborn 35 minutes before him. As an only child, Presley became close to both parents and formed an unusually tight bond with his mother. The family attended an Assembly of God church, where he found his initial musical inspiration. Presley's ancestry was primarily a Western European mix: on his mother's side, he was Scots-Irish, with some French Norman; one of Gladys' great-great-grandmothers was Cherokee. According to a third cousin of Presley's, one of Gladys's great-grandmothers was Jewish. There is no evidence that Presley or his mother shared this belief in a Jewish heritage. Syndicated columnist Nate Bloom has challenged the cousin's account, which he calls a "tall tale". Presley's father's forebears were of Scottish and German ancestry. Gladys was regarded by relatives and friends as the dominant member of the small family. Vernon moved from one odd job to the next, evidencing little ambition. The family often relied on help from neighbors and government food assistance. The Presleys survived the F5 tornado in the 1936 Tupelo-Gainesville tornado outbreak. In 1938, they lost their home after Vernon was found guilty of altering a check written by the landowner. He was jailed for eight months, and Gladys and Elvis moved in with relatives. He moved to Memphis, Tennessee with his family when he was 13 years old. Presley was one of the first musicians to play a type of music called rock and roll, which combined rhythm and blues with country music. His first No. 1 hit, "Heartbreak Hotel", was released in 1956, and was one of the first popular rock and roll songs.

In his normal state, Mario can take one hit from an enemy and kill most of the monsters with a stomp. By opening doors, the player can find power-ups, which grant different powers. A Super Mushroom transforms Mario into Super Mario, making Mario glow and have the strength to take two enemy hits. If the player finds another mushroom while Mario is in the Super Mario form, the item turns into a Fire Flower. When grabbing it, Mario becomes Fire Mario and can throw fireballs to kill enemies. A 1-up mushroom known as "Extra Mario Mushroom" or "Toad" can only be found by Fire Mario. Another way to earn an extra life is collecting 30 coins. The player can also get a Star Man, which makes Mario temporarily able to knock any enemy off the screen by simply touching them.
Bowser has turned the Mushroom Kingdom into a hotel resort for the use of himself and his children. The land is renamed "Klub Koopa Resort" because of this. Each hotel in the area is protected by one of the Koopalings and their henchmen. The hotels represent different building types with many different locations, including a tree, a mine and a cloud. When Mario and Luigi are invited to a picnic by Princess Toadstool, Mario and Luigi enter the Mushroom Kingdom. At the entrance, however, they find a message from Bowser. They find out that Bowser has taken control over the kingdom and established seven hotels there, at one of which Princess Toadstool is being held as a "permanent guest". As they visit the first six hotels, Mario and Luigi find the Princess many times, but on every occasion she disappears out of their sight, ending up in another hotel. They eventually enter another land where Bowser himself lives. With the hotel's owner killed, the brothers run away from the building with Princess Toadstool before it falls apart. The Princess, now able to rule her kingdom in peace, thanks the Mario brothers for saving her, giving them both a kiss.

Colbert was born on September 13, 1903, to Georges Cauchoin and his wife, the former Jeanne Loew. Her family emigrated to the United States and settled in New York City. She had one brother, Charles, who used the surname Wendling and went on to become his sister's agent. After her formal education ended, she enrolled in the , where she paid for her dramatic training by working in a dress shop. She made her Broadway debut in 1923 in the stage production of "The Wild Wescotts". It was during this event that she adopted the name Claudette Colbert. One of the brightest film stars to grace the screen was born Emilie Claudette Chauchoin on September 13, 1903, in Saint Mandé, France where her father owned a bakery at 57, rue de la République (now Avenue Général de Gaulle). The family moved to the United States when she was three years old. She began acting in high school and in 1923 appeared on the Broadway stage in a small part. Hooked, she gave up on her plans to be a fashion designer to instead pursue a career in acting. She made her first motion picture appearance in 1927, in "", a silent movie shot on location in Paramount Studios in New York, New York facilities. However, talking movies were taking over and two years later, Colbert appeared in her first talking movie, "", co-starring another newcomer, Edward G. Robinson. Her final appearance before the cameras was in a TV movie, (1987). She did, however, remain on the stage where she had returned in 1956, her first love. After a series of strokes, Claudette divided her time between New York and Barbados. On July 30, 1996, Claudette died in Speightstown,Barbados. She was 92 years old.

The first version of the CCHA was launched in 1971 by four schools—Bowling Green, Ohio, Ohio State, and Saint Louis. They would add Lake Superior State a year later, but lost the two Ohio schools in 1973. The CCHA recovered from this early blow in 1975 when Ohio State returned and Western Michigan joined for the first time. Saint Louis would stop playing hockey in 1979, but the Billikens were immediately replaced by Ferris State. In the last years of the decade, the CCHA became viewed as a major conference, and by 1980 Northern Michigan, which had joined in 1977, reached the championship game of the NCAA tournament. Later that year, another Ohio school, Miami, joined.
In 1981, the CCHA attracted four schools from the Western Collegiate Hockey Association (WCHA)—Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech, and Notre Dame. While Notre Dame shut down its men's hockey team in 1983, and Michigan Tech left the following year to return to the WCHA, the other two schools remained in the CCHA until the original league folded. UIC joined in 1982. The CCHA continued to gain respect, with Bowling Green becoming the CCHA's first NCAA champion in 1984.
The league stayed mostly stable through the 1990s. In 1992, Kent State joined, and Notre Dame brought back its hockey program and rejoined. While Kent State folded its hockey team two years later, and UIC did the same in 1996, the CCHA added three more members in that decade. Alaska joined in 1995, Northern Michigan returned the same year, and Nebraska–Omaha (now known for sports as simply "Omaha") joined in 1999. From that point, the league lost only one member (Nebraska–Omaha to the WCHA in 2010) before its demise.
The trigger for the end of the original CCHA was a large donation by energy billionaire Terry Pegula to his alma mater of Pennsylvania State University (Penn State). This donation funded the startup expenses for varsity men's and women's hockey teams at the university, plus a new arena for both teams. Once Penn State's teams took the ice in 2012–13, it gave the Big Ten Conference the six schools it needed to begin sponsoring men's ice hockey. Among these six were three of the CCHA's most important members in Michigan, Michigan State, and Ohio State. The Big Ten announced in 2011 that it would start a men's hockey league in 2013–14, and the three Big Ten members announced they would leave the CCHA at that time.

TeleRadyo Serbisyo (, previously known as DZMM TeleRadyo and as TeleRadyo / ABS-CBN TeleRadyo) is a Philippine pay television channel owned by Media Serbisyo Production Corporation, a joint venture between Prime Media Holdings (through subsidiary Philippine Collective Media Corporation) and ABS-CBN Corporation, with ABS-CBN News as its main content provider, and is available on cable providers throughout the Philippines. TeleRadyo Serbisyo is also simulcasted via The Filipino Channel (TFC) and it can be heard and viewed online via its YouTube channel and iWantTFC. TeleRadyo was also included as a digital subchannel on digital terrestrial television seen via the ABS-CBN TVplus digital TV receivers and other digital TV boxes, until its discontinuation on November 1, 2022. The channel was previously used to simulcast the programs of ABS-CBN's flagship AM radio station, DZMM 630 before the latter went off the air on May 5, 2020 due to a cease and desist order of the National Telecommunications Commission together with ABS-CBN, S+A, and MOR Philippines. The channel went back on-air and online on May 8, 2020 as TeleRadyo, resuming the programming of the former DZMM. On June 28, 2021, TeleRadyo started to broadcast in high-definition feed on YouTube and Facebook while selected shows are being broadcast on Kapamilya Channel and The Filipino Channel in HD. The channel rebranded to TeleRadyo Serbisyo on June 30, 2023 coinciding with the launch of its radio counterpart Radyo Patrol Serbisyo under the joint venture of Prime Media and ABS-CBN.

"Rolling Stone"s reviewer gave the album 3 of 5 stars and found that it was best without the extensive concept surrounding much of the music, stating that "there's way too much conceptual malarkey surrounding the songs, but if you can ignore her fake posse, you'll find this is Amos' best album in many years". Sputnikmusic gave a 3-star review, calling it a "return to form – sort of". The review from "PopMatters" was very positive, with an 8/10 score, praising Amos' assured vocals as "top form" and finding "moments of jaw-dropping virtuosity", but also criticising the length of the album and lack of editing. "SPIN" gave a glowing review, giving the record a 9/10 score, calling it "arguably the singer/pianist's greatest, and undeniably sexiest, album" and "instantly memorable". "Entertainment Weekly" gave the album a C+ review, calling it a "conceptual wreck" but appreciating the freshness of Amos engaging in glam-rock territory. "Mojo", "Billboard", and "NOW Magazine" likewise advised Amos to avoid heavy-handed concepts, giving the album average reviews. "Slant Magazine" gave "American Doll Posse" 3.5 of 5 stars, criticising the structure as alienating but finding the music itself to be Amos' best since "From the Choirgirl Hotel" (1998), especially favoring the lead single "Big Wheel" as a straightforward and lively song. MusicOMH gave a 4-star review, calling it a coherent and intriguing record, albeit a bit inaccessible conceptually. "The Boston Globe" was very positive, hailing the record as "a lush sprawl of an album that works with or without the feminist playbook".

As the pressure mounted in anticipation of his looming attack, Rodger turned to Xanax to alleviate his escalating anxiety. Days before his attack, he posted on bodybuilding.com before discovering and posting on anxietyzone.com. Throughout May 2014, Rodger embarked on drives across Santa Barbara, savoring his final weeks alive. On May 22, he reposted the "Why do girls hate me so much?" video on YouTube. However, despite initially selecting May 24 as the date for his attack, Rodger unexpectedly initiated his assault a day earlier, on May 23. Carrying a 6- and 8-inch "SRK" knife along with a nine-inch boar hunting knife, Rodger first ambushed Wang upon his return to their apartment. Wang, attempting to fend off the attack, found himself subjected to a barrage of 15 stabbing wounds and 23 slashing injuries. Subsequently, Rodger dragged Wang's lifeless body to a secluded corner of a bedroom, hiding it beneath blankets, towels, and clothing. Hong entered the apartment next, only to be then ambushed by Rodger. Despite his efforts to defend himself, Hong fell victim to 25 stab wounds and 12 slashing injuries. Hong's body was then dragged into the same bedroom and thrown face down halfway on top of Wang's body. The final victim Chen, Wang and Hong's friend, arrived at the apartment last. Rodger ambushed Chen, unleashing a total of 94 stab wounds and 11 slashing injuries as Chen attempted to defend himself. Rodger left Chen's lifeless body in a bathroom. Rodger had tried to clean the apartment's hallways and hide signs of the earlier stabbings as each victim entered the apartment. With blood spattered on the walls, using bathroom towels and paper towels, Rodger attempted to clean up the blood, but they quickly became soaked.

Horsetooth Reservoir is a man-made lake just west of Fort Collins, Colorado, in southern Larimer County made for recreation purposes, and is the main water supply for the Poudre Valley. The reservoir was a part of the Colorado-Big Thompson project. This project was made to move water from the west slope to the east slope. The water is used for local farms, hydropower, and drinking water for Northern Colorado. The lake is 6.5 miles long and had 25 miles of shore line with 4 camping areas, 111 campsites total, and 4 boat-launch areas. The primary activities are fishing, power boating, water skiing, hiking, and camping.
This reservoir was created on top of the town of Stout. Stout was a small town with a population of 47 1/2. This town had a sandstone mine, and had a railroad that went through it. This town turned into a gost town and horsetooth reservoir was build on top of it. To this day when the water is low enough visitors can still see the buildings where Stout used to be. Horsetooth reservoirs damn began being built in 1949. In 1954, the water was used for farms until the 1970 and then only 80 percent of the water was used for farms. In the 1990's just a little over half of the water supply was used for farms and the other half was used for drinking and hydropower. This reservoir was the largest created during the Colorado-Big Thompson project. Building was finished in 1949 and water first entered the reservoir in 1951. Horsetooth was given its name because of an Arapaho legand that on the west side of the reservoir at the top of a mountain. There is a rock that Natives thought looked like a giant's heart and then later decided that it looked more like a horse's tooth.

On the evening of the raid, Filipino guerrillas cut the Japanese phone lines to Manila. They then blocked the two roads passing the camp to prevent other Japanese units from helping the camp guards. The Rangers had to crawl about a mile through an open field. To prevent the guards from seeing them when they got close, Mucci had arranged for a P-61 night fighter to fly over the camp and distract the guards. They split up to attack the front and back gates to the compound. The force broke into the camp and quickly killed the guards. The problems started when the prisoners hid from their rescuers. Not recognizing the uniforms they thought the shooting meant they were all being killed. They finally convinced the prisoners to go with them. One British civilian prisoner hid from his rescuers and did not go with them. But he was picked up by the Filipino guerrillas and taken to safety. One prisoner died of a heart attack during the rescue. The Filipinos and Alamo Scouts held off the Japanese while the Rangers got the prisoners to the carts to haul them to safety. There were 6 Rangers who acted as a rearguard and were the last to leave the camp. They came under fire from the Japanese killing one of the Rangers. At the river a guerrila doctor treated the wounded and Filipinos from nearby villages gave the prisoners food and water. The Rangers with the prisoners traveled all night to get back to the American lines. Only two Rangers, Corporal Roy Sweezy and Captain Fisher, were killed in the rescue. The raid was one of the most spectacular and successful rescues in military history. They killed or wounded an estimated 523 Japanese soldiers during the raid while rescuing 511 prisoners.

The bilateral relations between the Republic of India and Taiwan have improved since the 1990s, India has expanded economic and strategic cooperation with Taiwan.
Due to the strategic rivalry against the People's Republic of China and India since the 1962 war, India has slowly sought to develop better commercial and strategic cooperation with Taiwan even while ruling out the possibility of establishing diplomatic relations. Taiwan has also viewed India's rising geopolitical standing as a potential counter-balance to China's dominance in the region. As a part of its "Look East" foreign policy, India has sought to cultivate extensive ties with Taiwan in trade as well as working together over weapons of mass destruction issues, environment and fighting terrorism. Both sides have aimed to develop ties to counteract Chinese rivalry with both nations. 
The India-Taipei Association (ITA) Office has been established in Taipei since 1995 to promote non-governmental interactions between India and Taiwan, and to facilitate business, tourism, cultural and people-to-people exchanges. The India-Taipei Association has also been authorised to provide all consular and passport services. 
In 2002, India became the 28th nation to sign the Investment Protection Agreement with Taiwan and in 2006, both nations established the Taiwan-India Cooperation Council. Furthermore, Taiwan promotes trade with India as a means to reduce the extent of their economic dependence with China. 
In 2007, Ma Ying-jeou, the leader of the Kuomintang, Taiwan's largest political party supportive of reunification, and a major candidate in the 2008 presidential elections made an unofficial visit to India.

Many television commercials, comic strips and other media depict this as a sort of humorous business, with Santa's elves acting as a sometimes mischievously disgruntled workforce, cracking jokes, making riddles, and pulling pranks on their boss. For instance, a "Bloom County" story from December 15, 1981 through December 24, 1981 has Santa rejecting the demands of PETCO (Professional Elves Toy-Making and Craft Organization) for higher wages, a hot tub in the locker room, and "short broads," with the elves then going on strike. Ronald Reagan steps in, fires all of Santa's helpers, and replaces them with out-of-work air traffic controllers (an obvious reference to the 1981 air traffic controllers' strike), resulting in a riot before Santa vindictively rehires them in humiliating new positions such as his reindeer. In an episode of "The Sopranos" titled "...To Save Us All from Satan's Power," Paulie Gualtieri says he "used to think Santa and Mrs. Claus were running a sweatshop over there... The original elves were ugly, traveled with Santa to throw bad kids a beatin', and gave the good ones toys."
In Kyrgyzstan, a mountain peak was named after Santa, after a Swedish company had suggested it would be a more efficient starting place for present-delivering journeys all over the world, than Lapland. In the Kyrgyz capital Bishkek, a Santa Claus Festival was held on December 30, 2007, with government officials attending. 2008 was officially declared the Year of Santa Claus in the country. The events are seen as moves to boost tourism in Kyrgyzstan.

About 5.30 a.m. on the morning of July 1, the battle started. Heth probed ahead cautiously to a point about two miles west of Gettysburg. Buford's cavalry was deliberately slowing his progress. At about 10 a.m. the Union I Corps arrived commanded by General John F. Reynolds. They set themselves up along McPherson's Ridge to oppose Heth's Confederates. During the fighting Reynolds was killed but the Confederates were driven back. Meanwhile, both sides brought up reinforcements. The Union set up defenses of the town with I Corps defending the western approaches with XI Corps to the north. The flanks were covered by Buford's cavalry. One Union division was held in reserve on Cemetery Ridge. In the afternoon, when Lee arrived, the Confederates still did not know the strength of the Union forces they were facing. They also had not scouted the terrain. One division of Ewell's Corps had attacked the Union I Corps just after noon. At about 2 p.m. Heth's division joined Ewell's troops in the attack on I Corps. At about 3 p.m., another of Ewell's Confederate divisions, commanded by General Jubal Early, attacked the flank of the Union XI Corps. By 4 p.m., both of the Union corps retreated through Gettysburg and took up positions on Cemetery Ridge. So far, the Union had lost about 9,000 men including about 3,000 who had been captured. The Confederates had lost about 6,500 men by this point. So the first day of battle was technically a Confederate victory numbers-wise. But Federal troops held the high ground as more reinforcements were still arriving. Based on the first day's fighting, Lee was convinced he could defeat Meade at Gettysburg.

The next membership change came in July 2022 with the arrival of football-sponsoring Austin Peay State University from the OVC and non-football Queens University of Charlotte from the Division II South Atlantic Conference. When Peay was announced as an incoming ASUN member, it gave the conference six members that play FCS football and award scholarships for that sport, which is the number of teams needed for a conference to receive an automatic bid to the FCS playoffs. However, the ASUN would lose one of those six members when Jacksonville State announced a 2023 move to Conference USA (C-USA). JSU began a transition to FBS in 2022, making it ineligible for the FCS playoffs. The WAC lost two of its planned six playoff-eligible members in 2022, with Sam Houston starting an FBS transition ahead of its 2023 move to C-USA and Incarnate Word backing out of a planned move to the WAC and remaining in the Southland Conference. This led the ASUN and WAC to renew their football partnership for 2022. Both conferences will play separate league schedules, with officials from each conference choosing their one automatic playoff team. The new ASUN football league, launching in 2022, will feature Austin Peay, the three 2021 arrivals, Kennesaw State, and North Alabama. Three other ASUN schools sponsor football but will not play that sport in the ASUN. Stetson plays in the Pioneer Football League, whose members do not award football scholarships; Liberty plays as an independent in the top level of D-I football, the Football Bowl Subdivision; and Bellarmine began play in sprint football, a weight-restricted form of the sport not run by the NCAA, in 2022.

Rodger developed a deep resentment towards the people in Isla Vista, seeing himself as a sophisticated person deserving of relationships with attractive blond women. He believed these women rejected him, and blamed men who were more successful than him. In July 2011, during a visit to Starbucks, Rodger noticed a couple engaging in a kiss. Overwhelmed by his emotions, he followed them outside and, in a moment of anger, threw his coffee at them. The man yelled at Rodger, prompting him to flee the scene in fear. On another incident, just days away from turning 20, Rodger encountered another couple at a food court, seeing them kissing. Driven by jealousy, he followed them in his car and splashed them with iced tea. Rodger's feelings of jealousy were further inflamed when one of his roommates invited his girlfriend over, leading Rodger to internally question why a girl would choose to date someone he perceived as unattractive. In an attempt to find social connection, Rodger made a friend who introduced him to other acquaintances in hopes of integrating him into their circle. During this period, Rodger developed an obsession with designer clothing, purchasing numerous items in an attempt to elevate his status. Rodger's friend of 14 years would later end their friendship when he could no longer deal with Rodger's increasingly disturbing perspectives. In January 2012, while driving past a bus stop, Rodger saw two blond women and attempted to engage with them by smiling. When they did not return the smile, he reacted turning his car around and splashing his latte on them.

Para-alpine skiing classification is the order system for para-Alpine skiing designed to give equal competition between alpine skiers with different types of limited physical powers. The system of ordering are grouped into three general condition of being unable sorts: stand, unable to see and being seated. Group selection is done by International Paralympic Committee AlpineSkiing. Prior to that, several groups dealt with this including the International Sports Organization for the Disabled (ISOD), International Stoke Mandeville Games Federation (ISMWSF), International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) and Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA). Some order systems are persons given government by bodies other than International Paralympic Committee Alpine skiing, such as the Special Olympics. The sport is open to all competitors with a no seeing or physical condition of being unable stand. It is not open to people with intellectual disabilities.
The first order systems for para-Alpine sking were made in Scandinavia in the 1960s, with early systems designed for skiers with no legs or arms. At the time, necessary things had yet to be done to let skiers with spinal cord wounds ski. The purpose of the early order systems was to be made around use of arms and legs but ended up being a medical order system. At the first Winter Paralympics in 1976, there were two groups in the system of ordering for the sport. By the 1980s, groups had existence for skiers with cerebral palsy. At that time, with inspiration from wheelchair basketball classification, efforts were made to make order more of an able to use better system. Ten groups had existence by the 1980s, and since then, efforts have been made to make better the doing work well of order by making fewer the number of classes so fewer medals can be rewarded.

In March 1998, TWC introduced a graphical refresh, featuring heavy use of the Akzidenz-Grotesk typeface and footage of clouds at the core of the new identity. For the first time in the channel's history, there was no slogan or unifying theme. "WeatherScope" was replaced with "Weather Center" on March 10, a program which essentially comprised The Weather Channel's entire 24-hour daily programming schedule at the time in the form of three separate programs ("Weather Center AM", a morning program (5 a.m.-noon) focusing primarily on business, commuter and leisure travel weather; Weather Center PM, an evening program (7 p.m.-5 a.m.) with a focus on forecasts for the day ahead; and an afternoon broadcast (12 p.m.-7 p.m.) simply using the Weather Center title, which focused on ongoing weather conditions). April 1998 saw updates to "The Front" image campaign; one of the new advertisements specifically mentioned the 36-hour text forecasts (which, at the time, were still supplied by the National Weather Service), but heralded new Local Forecast graphics. The machine that produced those graphics, the IRIX-based Weather Star XL, was released to cable providers later that year as the first new mainline STAR unit manufactured in eight years. The catalyst for a top-to-bottom modernization of the local forecast segment, the XL's graphical and technological capabilities were significantly more advanced than the 4000, with an animated, high-quality output consistent with TWC's national graphics and new scalable icons that would be used for eight years on TWC (these icons remain in use by Weather Star XLs still in service and on certain downloadable web widgets).

The process of integration took 7 years during which Merwan often stayed at Upasni's ashram. He also visited with Babajan and stayed with his family, as his integration became more functional he began taking on jobs such as working at his father's toddy shop, and managing a group of performers. In 1921 Upasni told some of his followers that Merwan was the Avatar of the Age and that they should now follow Merwan. In 1921 one of these early disciples began calling Merwan "Meher Baba" which means "Compassionate Father". In 1922 Meher Baba and a group of male disciples walked from Ponna (Pune) to Bombay (Mumbai) where he established his first ashram, Manzil-e-Meem (House of the Master) where over the next year he trained them as his disciples, from then on Baba would be their spiritual guide. Baba eventually took these new followers to Ahmednagar, to a place now called Meherabad. There he gave discourses on spirituality, worked with the local poor villagers, established a dispensary and hospital, cared for the God-mad "masts", and started boarding school for children of all faiths and castes, all free of charge. Gradually his following grew.
In 1925 Meher Baba began keeping silent and for the rest of his life Baba did not speak. He communicated first by writing on slates but then adapted an English alphabet board by pointing to letters painted on it. Years later he stopped using the alphabet board and used his own form of hand gestures. He kept silent until his death in 1969. Some people called him "The Silent Master" and there is a book by that title.

The Abraham Accords are a set of diplomatic documents between Israel, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and Bahrain. They were signed on September 15, 2020 at the White House, with Donald Trump as a witness. It was first an agreement between Israel, and the UAE, but later Bahrain joined due to similar interests. The goal was to make diplomatic relations and trade easier between the countries. The focus was on improving peace and stability in the Middle East. 
Arab states and Israel began to normalize their relationship with the Egypt-Israel Peace Treaty (1979) and the Jordan-Israel Peace Treaty (1994). In March 2002, the Arab League also agreed on the Arab Peace Initiative (API). The API is in favor of normalized relations with Israel in exchange for its withdrawal from the occupied territories of Palestine.
On June 12, 2020 Youseif Al-Otaiba, ambassador of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) in the United States, wrote a piece disagreeing with the Israeli annexation of the West Bank. Following the API, he thought of normalizing relations with Israel to put an end to the annexation. The United States agreed that it was a good solution and decided to supervise negotiations. On August 13, 2020 Donald Trump announced publicly that discussions were ongoing between Israel and the UAE. Following the announcement, Bahrain asked to participate in the exchanges with Israel. The negotiations ended on September 15, 2020 with the official signature of the Abraham Accords at the White House between the United States, Israel, the UAE and Bahrain.
The signatories of the declaration are the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu (upper left), the American President Donald Trump (bottom left), the Bahraini Foreign Minister Abdullatif Al Zayani (upper right) and the Emirati minister of foreign affairs and international cooperation Abdullah bin Zayed Al Nayhan (bottom right).

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) persons in Tunisia may face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. Homosexuality is illegal in the Republic of Tunisia and the law does not include sexual orientation or gender identity in its civil rights laws and there is no legal recognition for same-sex couples. According to the 2013 Pew Global Attitudes Project, 93% of Tunisian adults do not believe that homosexuality is acceptable by society.
Tunisia is socially conservative when it comes to such issues as homosexuality. There are a few led organised LGBT Human rights movements such as the movement named "Shams". Mostly Tunisians are generally Muslims with traditional values, and traditional Islamic attitudes and mores look down upon Homosexuality and cross-dressing as signs of decadence and Immorality. But Tunisian Cross-dressers are not expressly Illegal in the country. Male prostitution workers occur in some Tunisian tourist resorts. The so-called Minister for Human Rights Samir Dilou stated that "Freedom of Speech has its limits", Homosexuality is a "perversion", and gay people needed to be "treated medically" for this. His comments were condemned by many in Tunisian society who posted pro-LGBT pictures on social networking sites. In June 2012, Dilou rejected the recommendation of the United Nations Human Rights Committee for Tunisia to decriminalise same-sex sexual acts, stating that the concept of "Sexual orientation is specific to the west" which is not true and is overridden by Tunisian Law, which "clearly describes Tunisia as an fellow Arab Muslim country".

Coheed and Cambria (sometimes abbreviated to "Coheed," "CO & CA" or "C&C") is an American rock band from New York.
Coheed and Cambria have made four studio albums, two live albums, and some special albums. Their studio albums are concept albums, showing one story broken into parts. The band wants to make five albums telling the story of The Amory Wars. Now, four albums have been released: "The Second Stage Turbine Blade", "In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth: 3", "Good Apollo I'm Burning Star IV, Volume One: From Fear Through the Eyes of Madness", and "Good Apollo, I'm Burning Star IV, Volume Two: No World for Tomorrow", and "Year of the Black Rainbow". These albums make the first, second, third, and fourth part of the four-part story of Coheed and Cambria. The albums have been made out of order; the second part was made first, and the first part has been made last.
When a band called Toxic Parents, with Claudio Sanchez and Travis Stever in it, broke up about the same time as Nate Kelley's band, Moe & The Boogie Cats, the members of these bands came together to form a new band in March 1995. This band was called Beautiful Loser. It had Travis Stever singing and playing guitar, Claudio Sanchez on guitar, Nate Kelley on drums and Jon Carleo on bass. The group did not last long, it broke up in June 1995; they had an argument about gas money. Stever left the band, and Kelley was kicked out, but he came back when Sanchez asked him to. Without Stever, the band only had three people, so Sanchez started to sing and play guitar.

Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz (also "Leibnitz" or "von Leibniz") 1 July 1 (21 June OS) 1646 – 14 November 1716) was a German intellectual who wrote mostly in French and Latin.
He played an important role in both philosophy and mathematics. He invented calculus independently of Newton, and his notation for derivatives is the one in general use since then. He also invented the binary system, foundation of modern computers.
He was taught law and philosophy. He served as secretary to two major German noble houses: one became the British royal family while he served it. Leibniz played a major role in the European politics and diplomacy of his day.
In philosophy, he is most remembered for optimism. He thought our universe is the best possible one God could have made. He was one of the great 17th century rationalists. René Descartes and Baruch Spinoza are the other two. His philosophy also both looks back to the Scholastic tradition and anticipates modern logic and analysis.
Leibniz also made contributions to physics and technology, and anticipated ideas which surfaced much later in biology, medicine, geology, probability theory, psychology, and information science. He wrote on politics, law, ethics, theology, history, and philology. Sometimes, he even wrote in verse. His contributions are scattered in journals and in tens of thousands of letters and unpublished manuscripts. There is no complete edition of Leibniz's writings, and a complete account of his accomplishments is not yet possible. Leibniz is sometimes known as the last "universal genius".
Leibniz is perhaps most famous for his involvement in development of calculus independent of Isaac Newton and creation of Leibniz Notation which is the standard form of calculus today.

When Muhammad bin Saud died in 1765, his son Abdulaziz bin Muhammad Al Saud who was a dedicated student of Muhammad ibn Abd al Wahhab, became the leader of the Emirate of Diriyah. In his reign, the Emirate of Diriyah expanded in territory throughout the Arabian Peninsula. In the eastern part of the peninsula, Abdulaziz bin Muhammad Al Saud got Al-Hasa, Qatar, Al-Buraimi and Bahrain under his influence. In the western part of the Peninsula, Abdulaziz bin Muhammad Al Saud conquered parts of the Hejaz region. During the conquests of Abdulaziz bin Muhammad Al Saud, the Saudi State got involved in a war with the Ottomans. At this stage, the campaigns of the Ottomans against the Saudi State failed, and Abdulaziz bin Muhammad Al Saud was expanding his territory inside Ottoman territories. With the death of Abdulaziz bin Muhammad Al Saud in 1803, his son Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Saud became ruler. Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Saud conquered the holy cities of Mecca and Medina for a few years, which gave him the title of Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques. Eventually the Egyptians, who were supported and led by the Ottomans, destroyed the powers of Al Saud in 1818. It marked the end of the First Saudi State. 
By 1824, the Al Saud family regained control over parts of the Nejd region. This is seen as the beginning of the Second Saudi State, the Emirate of Nejd. The Saudi ruler, Turki bin Ali, made Riyadh the capital of its state. It remains the capital of the Saudi State today. Turki bin Ali succeeded in retaking most of the lands lost to the Ottomans. In 1865 the Ottomans launched an attack on the Saudi State again. This time with help from the Al Rasheed family of Ha'il, who are another powerful family of the Nejd region. The Al Rasheed family defeated the Saudi State in 1891, which marked the end of the Second Saudi State. Abdul Rahman bin Faisal Al Saud, who was the Saudi leader at that time, retreated into the desert and eventually to Kuwait with his family.

Since the start of her career, Godigna Collet tried to find a balance between people and environment. She found it through social and political issues. Her art work uses many different types of materials. This is seen in her paintings, sculptures, photography and video. Her work challenged the viewers through the use of new techniques and lesser known materials. She is also a minimalistic conceptualist. Her use of materials and techniques shows that concepts translate through matter.
Her work is based in promoting a conscious use of natural resources and technology. Since 2007, for her exhibitions, she used to discuss with her panels. It was usually just before the show. It brings together the community and experts in diverse fields as well as workshops. It promotes ecological awareness.
During interviews on radio, television or magazines, she makes a call for reflection over environmental issues.
In the year 2012, her work was selected to be displayed. It was selected to be the image of a meeting about issues of dependence on oil as an energy source and on the human rights consequences of that reliance. The meeting was held at the University of Texas at Austin. It was organized by the Center for Global Energy, International Arbitration, and Environmental Law and the Bernard and Audre Rapoport Center for Human Rights and Justice.
In the year 2016, her artwork "Let's Talk Volume" was selected by the City of Austin, Texas. It was through the program of Art in Public Places. It was installed for the occasion of celebrating International Environment Day.

After the 1966 FIFA World Cup, preparations began for the next tournament, the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico. During the qualifying matches, Tostão was Brazil's great hero. He was a striker who could do anything. He gave assists to others, but also scored many goals himself. Under the new national coach Saldanha, he did not play instead of Pelé, but together with Pelé. It seemed certain that Tostão was going to the World Cup in Mexico, but a match between Corinthians and Cruzeiro almost threw a spanner in the works. A defender of Corinthians, Ditao, shot a ball in the face of the attacker, who could not see for a while after this accident. In the end, it turned out that something was wrong with the retina, an injury that could prevent him from competing in the World Cup. Tostão sent for the best doctor from Belo Horizonte to operate on him, and on October 3, 1969, the whole of Brazil held its breath. Doctor Robert Abdalla Moura operated on Tostao in Houston and said after the operation that he was satisfied with the result. In the months that followed, it had to become clear whether Tostão could come to Mexico. On a Friday in April 1970, he awoke to blood pouring from his eye. It was a few days before he was to make his comeback in a match against Paraguay. His competitor Dario could hope again, as he was Tostão's replacement during this match. He failed to impress, however, as the game ended 0-0 and the new national team manager, Mário Zagallo, knew right away how valuable Tostão was to the squad.

Patricia Honor Richardson MBE (née Greene; born 1931) is an English actress. She is best known as the voice of on the BBC Radio 4 radio soap opera "".
Greene is one of . 
Patricia Honor Greene was born in , England in 1931. She is the youngest of two children to Josie Greene (née Johnson), a housewife, and Edward Greene, an engineer and former piano salesman. She has an older sister. Greene and her family moved to Champion Street in the area, before moving to Kirk Street in . She has recalled experiences of her mother having extramarital affairs, in which she would bring men to the family home and order Patricia not to tell their father.
Greene attended Ashgate Infants School on Ashbourne Road and St Paul's Junior School. She also attended . She later joined an amateur dramatic society. Greene trained at the in London from 1951 to 1954.
Greene worked as a at the . She also worked as a secretary in the sheet metal factory of Hawk Industries. She worked as a on the trolley bus in Derby, and as a waitress during the holidays.
Greene once noticed her father crying at one of her theatre performances. She credits that moment with her wanting to become an actress.
Greene made her broadcasting debut in 1957, after being told "you'll never be a broadcaster, you sound like a fairy in hockey boots" by her then 84-year old tutor at the . 
Greene joined the cast of the BBC Radio 4 radio soap opera "" on 25 July 1957. She is the long-standing voice of (née Patterson). She was the sixth, and last, actress to audition for the role and thought she would not be cast. Greene found the first six weeks tough due to her inexperience. She recalled that on her second day, she took stage directions too far and threw a glass of water over , who portrayed , and nearly electrocuted him. This impressed the creator and he kept her in the serial. She was paid seven guineas a week. Greene was tempted to leave the series when her son was a toddler but felt a loyalty to the programme and stayed. She was paid £16,000 for her work on the series in 2017.

COVID-19 did not affect everyone in each country the same way. As of May 2020, APM Research Lab said the death rate among black Americans was 2.4 times as high as for whites and 2.2 times as high as for Latino and Asian Americans. In July 2020, "The New York Times" printed data from the Centers for Disease Control showing that black and Latino Americans were three times as likely to become sick and twice as likely to die as white Americans. This showed some difference from place to place, but it was mostly true in both cities and the country, regardless of how old people were. Native Americans were also more likely than whites to become sick and die. Asian Americans were 1.3 times as likely to become sick as whites were. Camara Jones, an epidemiologist who once worked for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said this was socioeconomic and not because of any natural difference in black and white people's bodies. In the United States, black citizens are more likely to work jobs where they serve the public and to ride on buses and trains rather than take their own cars to work, which makes them more likely to be infected than people who work in private offices or from home. Sharrelle Barber, an epidemiologist and biostatistician from Drexel University, also said black Americans can live in crowded neighborhoods where social distancing is harder to do and healthy food harder to find. Both Barber and Jones blamed the long history of racism in the United States for these things. Three senators, Kamala Harris, Cory Booker and Elizabeth Warren, said the federal government should start recording the race of COVID-19 patients so scientists could study this problem.

A worldwide area network, or WAN, is made up of several computer networks connected together, often over the Internet. In most cases, the networks in WANs all belong to the all same company or school.
WANs are used to connect LANs and other types of networks together, so that users and computers in one location can communicate with users and computers in other locations. Many WANs are built for one particular organization and are private. Others, built by Internet service providers, provide connections from an organization's LAN to the Internet. WANs are often built using leased lines. At each end of the leased line, a router connects to the LAN on one side and a hub within the WAN on the other. Leased lines can be very expensive. Instead of using leased lines, WANs can also be built using less costly circuit switching or packet switching methods. Network protocols including TCP/IP deliver transport and addressing functions. Protocols including Packet over SONET/SDH, MPLS, ATM and Frame relay are often used by service providers to deliver the links that are used in WANs. X.25 was an important early WAN protocol, and is often considered to be the "grandfather" of Frame Relay as many of the underlying protocols and functions of X.25 are still in use today (with upgrades) by Frame Relay.
Academic research into wide area networks can be broken down into three areas: mathematical models, network emulation and network simulation.
Performance improvements are sometimes delivered via WAFS or WAN optimization.

Hans-Gerd Schildt (born 12 June 1952) is a former German football player. After the end of his career he became football manager. He played in Germany for different clubs among them Werder Bremen and Borussia Dortmund. In Austria he played for SV Austria Salzburg.
Schildt played for Bremerhaven 93 until 1973. Then he moved to Bundesliga club SV Werder Bremen. On the first day of the 1973/74 season he made his debut in the Bundesliga . Schildt scored the 1-0 lead in the 30th minute and his first Bundesliga goal. He played in 20 games and scored 3 goals in his only Bundesliga season with Werder. Schildt then moved to Borussia Dortmund in the new 2nd Bundesliga. With Borussia he played in the northern season in the 2nd division. In his second year (1975/76) he was runner-up behind Tennis Borussia Berlin. Borussia qualified for the relegation games for promotion to the Bundesliga against the runner-up in the southern season of the 2nd Bundesliga, 1. FC Nuremberg. Schildt played in both relegation games over the full length and was promoted with Borussia to the Bundesliga. He then moved to Arminia Bielefeld and played again in the 2nd Bundesliga North. With Arminia he was champion in the 2nd league North. Schildt stayed a year He then moved to Austria Salzburg. With Austria he played in the Austrian Bundesliga until 1985. In 1985 he ended his professional career.
He coached SV Hohenlimburg in Hagen from 1986 to 1989 as a player-coach In 1989, Schildt finally ended his career and moved back to northern Germany. From 1989 to 1991 he was coach of Holstein Kiel. In 1991/92 he led the league club VfB Kiel to the Oberliga promotion round. In 1992 he moved to the Oberliga club TuS Hoisdorf, in November 1992 he was fired. He also worked as a coach at FC Kilia Kiel. In 2012 he became coach of the traditional team in Holstein Kiel. From November 2018 he was a board member of the traditional club KSV Holstein.

In November 2007 the whole tramway closed for the first time. It was closed for five months for the second part of an £11,800,000 upgrade. Blackpool Transport Services and Blackpool Council currently have a joint bid awaiting Government approval. It could give up to £77,000,000 for a total upgrade of the trams and tracks. In January 2007 the City Class 611 prototype "supertram" was being tested on the tramway. It caught fire as it approached Central Pier. This caused lots of damage. The driver managed to get out of the cab. The tram was built by Mersyside-based Tram Power. It was being tested as part of a bid to replace the current trams. The same tram had already derailed on 30 May 2006 at Starr Gate loop in trials then. A Rail Accident Investigation Board report said that the derailmet was because of wear and tear on the track. They said another factor was the new type of running gear on the two-car prototype.
The company paid £150,000 to rebuild the tramcar. It cannot be re-tested until November 2008 at the earliest though. This is because testing is not allowed during the busy summer months and also because of the earlier closure of the tracks for repairs.
A £1 billion bid for a Government grant was made in 2002 by Blackpool Council and Lancashire County Council after the Government made a pledge to build 25 new tram networks by 2010. They want to expand the tram network to include St Annes to the south and new housing estates in Fleetwood to the north. There is a possible further phase to include links to Poulton-le-Fylde and Thornton. In 2004 campaigners behind the bid expressed disappointment that nothing had been done to take the plans forward in two years. By November 2007 there was no further development.

Although Schonberg had been critical of Lupu's debut with the Cleveland Orchestra conducted by Barenboim in February 1972, he was far more enthusiastic of Lupu's performance in November 1972 of Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 5 with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Lawrence Foster at Carnegie Hall, writing, in "The New York Times", that "his performance did much to redeem the impression he had made last season in the Brahms D minor Concerto. Then he sounded mannered, finicky, artificial. This time he was a different pianist." Schonberg added:The following year, Lupu recorded the piano concertos of Schumann and Grieg with the London Symphony Orchestra conducted by André Previn, a recording described by "Gramophone" as "grandly commanding". In February 1974, Lupu performed a recital at Hunter College in New York, which was raved by John Rockwell of "The New York Times". Rockwell declared Lupu "no ordinary pianist" and wrote about Lupu's performance of Schubert's Piano Sonata in B-flat major:In November 1974, Lupu made his debut with the New York Philharmonic, performing Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 21 conducted by James Conlon. In 1975, Lupu debuted with the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra and gave the premiere of the André Tchaikowsky Piano Concerto, Op. 4 with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Uri Segal at the Royal Festival Hall. In 1976, Lupu recorded Brahms' 6 Klavierstücke and 4 Klavierstücke, which was described by "Stereo Review" as "a glowing realization of what Brahms set down that leaves one at a loss for words and simply glad to have ears." In 1978, he gave his debut with the Berlin Philharmonic conducted by Herbert von Karajan at that year's Salzburg Festival. Reviewing a recital Lupu gave at Avery Fisher Hall in 1980, Andrew Porter of The New Yorker hailed Lupu as "a master of the most satisfying kind".

Another feud from Raw was between Shawn Michaels and Vince McMahon. At the Royal Rumble Vince distracted Michaels as his music started to play. Shane McMahon, who was not an official entrant in the match, eliminated Michaels after attacking him from behind. One month later, on the February 27 edition of "Raw", Shane hit Michaels with a steel chair and forced him to "kiss" Vince's ass, thus joining Vince's "Kiss My Ass Club."<ref name="2/27 Raw"></ref> Vince then announced that he and Michaels would face off against each other at WrestleMania. On "Raw" two weeks later, Vince forced Michaels to take a public drug test. During the test, however, Michaels threw his urine on both Vince and Shane.<ref name="3/06 Raw"></ref> Later that night, Michaels faced off against The Spirit Squad in a Steel Cage match. The Spirit Squad won the match by pinning Michaels after Shane interfered and slammed the cage door on Michaels. After the match, Shane continued attacking Michaels, causing him to bleed in the process, and executed a corner-to-corner missile dropkick. On the March 18 edition of "Saturday Night's Main Event", Michaels faced off against Shane in a Street Fight. Near the end of the match, Shane locked Michaels in the sharpshooter and Vince ordered the match to end. Vince screwed Michaels, claiming he submitted to the move, and declared Shane the winner via submission. On the March 20 edition of "Raw", Vince announced that his match against Michaels at WrestleMania would now be a No Holds Barred match.

Late on August 19, an area of low pressure developed north of Palau. Early on August 20, the system became more better organized and developed a low-level circulation center. The system then turned north and continued to drift north until on August 21, when the JMA upgraded the low pressure area to a tropical depression east of Philippines. The JTWC also issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA) on the system reporting that the system was becoming more well organized. Later that day, the PAGASA started monitoring the system as a tropical depression and named it "Mina". Late on August 22, the system became more well organized prompting the JTWC to initiate advisories on the system, designating it with "14W". On August 23, the JMA upgraded 14W to a tropical storm, naming it "Nanmadol". Overnight, the system continued to intensify and early on August 24, the JMA upgraded Nanmadol to a severe tropical storm. Later that day, convective banding improved and Nanmadol developed an eye-like feature. As a result, Nanmadol continued to intensify rapidly and became a typhoon, by midnight, that day. Nanmadol continued to drift northeast and made landfall over Gonzaga, Cagayan, Philippines with strong winds of over . Nanmadol weakened significantly after interacting with land and early on August 28, the JMA downgraded Nanmadol to a severe tropical storm. Late on August 28, Nanmadol made its second landfall over Taimali in the Taitung County of Taiwan and started weakening. Landfall weakened the system rapidly prompting the JMA to downgrade Nanmadol to a tropical storm with winds of under . Soon it started experiencing strong wind shear and continued weakening. The shear pushed convection about south of the LLCC. The system also accelerated towards China at and weakened to a minimal tropical storm. After its third landfall over Fujian, China, Nanmadol weakened rapidly prompting both the JTWC and the JMA to issue their final warnings on the system.

The movie begins with two air force officers in a nuclear missile silo who are ordered to fire the missiles in the silo. The officers believe the order to be real and begin to fire the missiles. One of the officers decides not to fire and so the US government replaces all the men in the missile silos with computer control.
David Lightman (Broderick) is a smart high school student and computer hacker that at first limits himself to changing his and a girl whom he likes a lot, Jennifer's (Sheedy) grades from failing to passing grades: Lightman being smart but not motivated at school. A little while later David uses his IMSAI 8080 computer to dial many phone numbers and finds a backdoor into a NORAD war games simulation computer called WOPR (nicknamed the "Whopper"). At first David is looking for new computer games to download and play and believes that the WOPR is actually the computer of a company that makes new computer games. After finding a list of games on the computer decides to play a game. WOPR (who is an Artificial Intelligence computer) asks David for a password and after doing some research on the computer's creator Professor Steven Falken he guesses that the password is named after the creator's dead son, Joshua. After logging in using the correct password, W.O.P.R. believes David to actually be Dr. Falken whom the computer had believed to be dead. The computer (which David now calls "Joshua") asks him if he would like to play a game. David selects the game "Global Thermonuclear War". Doing so starts off a series of events that will end up taking the World into World War III unless it is stopped.

Externally, exports to Russia, which was more than 60 percent of total exports, fell during the second half of 1998 by 10 percent. Demand for Belarusian products was weak through 1999, showing signs of recovery only during the final quarter, with the revival of economic activity in Russia. Also, in the first quarter of 1999, compared to 1998, except for investments, all budget expenditures were smaller. The biggest cuts were made in national security (a 1.9 GDP, compared to 2.5 percent in the first quarter of 1998) and social policy (1.5 and 2.4 percent of GDP, respectively) where expenditures were lowered almost by one third.
The Russian crisis was a hard blow to the Kazakh economy. Kazakhstan lost its pricing competitiveness and its exports were in shambles. On the other hand, cheap Russian goods were coming into here. This killed domestic industries. There was huge pressure on the tenge, the Kazakh currency, and Kazakhstan's balance of payments worsened. However, the NBK continued to keep the value of the tenge. In fact, they had spent close to a billion dollars to keep the level of tenge. Their foreign exchange reserves halved.
Moldova got an IMF special mission advising the government. This was about how to cope with the effects of the Russian crisis. At that time Russia bought 85% of Moldova's wine and brandy, as well as most of its canned goods and tobacco. After the ruble crashed, most Russian importers put deals with Moldova on hold. Moldovan president Petru Lucinschi was quoted as saying that the Russian crisis had cost Moldova as much as five per cent of its GDP. The country's parliament was discussing a program to reduce imports and find new markets outside Russia.
The crisis cost the Ukraine a lot as well: the Hryvnia devaluated by 60%, domestic prices increased by 20%. The National Bank of Ukraine lost 40% of its gross reserves.
The U.S. stock market began to slip in early August 1998. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 984 points, or 11.5%, in 3 days at the end of August, to a level 19% below its July peak. This more than erased the year's market gains. The U.S. stock market remained depressed until October, when a series of interest rate reductions by the Federal Reserve propelled it back upward.
The government banned free unlicensed sales of food. Most of them are imported from Russia. The ban aimed to stop prices rising.

Mobileye is an Israeli technology company that specializes in developing advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and autonomous driving solutions. Founded in 1999 by Amnon Shashua and Ziv Aviram, the company is headquartered in Jerusalem, Israel. Mobileye's main products and services include camera-based systems that provide computer vision and machine learning capabilities to enable vehicles to perceive their surroundings and make intelligent decisions. These systems, known as EyeQ chips, are used by automotive manufacturers worldwide to enhance the safety and efficiency of their vehicles. Mobileye's technology can detect pedestrians, vehicles, traffic signs, and other objects, helping drivers avoid collisions and stay on the road. On a global scale, Mobileye has established strong partnerships and collaborations with various automotive companies. One of its noteworthy partnerships is with Intel, which acquired the company in 2017. Together, Mobileye and Intel are working on developing and deploying autonomous driving technology in a range of vehicle types, including cars, buses, and trucks. Mobileye also has collaborations with BMW, Volkswagen, Nissan, and numerous other automotive manufacturers. With its innovative technology and extensive partnerships, Mobileye has secured a leading position in the ADAS market. Its products are widely used in both consumer vehicles and commercial fleets, contributing to the company's global sales growth. Mobileye's market position has been further strengthened by its investments in research and development, as well as its continuous efforts to improve and expand its product lineup. In recent years, Mobileye has made notable advancements in autonomous driving technology. It has undertaken several major initiatives, such as the deployment of self-driving taxis in Tel Aviv, Israel, in collaboration with the local authorities. This initiative showcases Mobileye's commitment to enabling safe and efficient autonomous driving on a large scale. As of the latest information available, Mobileye continues to thrive as a leading provider of ADAS and autonomous driving solutions. Its focus on innovation, strategic partnerships, and global market expansion has positioned the company for further growth and success in the automotive industry.

Herbert Aaron Hauptman (February 14, 1917 – October 23, 2011) was an American mathematician. He won a Nobel Prize. He made a mathematical method to find a molecular structures based on the X-ray patterns of crystallized materials. With Jerome Karle, he won the 1985 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
He was born in New York City. He was the oldest child of Israel Hauptman and Leah Rosenfeld, and of Jewish descent.
Hauptman was interested in science and mathematics from an early age. He studied at Townsend Harris High School. He graduated from the City College of New York (1937). He earned an M.A. degree in mathematics from Columbia University in 1939. He married Edith Citrynell on November 10, 1940, and had two daughters.
After World War II, he began working together with Jerome Karle, a physical chemist, at the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington, D.C.. He also enrolled in the Ph.D. program at the University of Maryland, College Park. They used their mathematics and physical chemistry skills to solve the phase problem of X-ray crystallography. By 1955, he had received his Ph.D. in mathematics, and they had worked out the direct methods in X-ray crystallography. Their 1953 article, "Solution of the Phase Problem I. The Centrosymmetric Crystal", contained the main ideas, the most important of which was the introduction of probabilistic methods.
In 1970 he joined the Medical Foundation of Buffalo, becoming its Research Director in 1972. At this time he developed the neighborhood principle and extension concept. These theories were further developed during the following years.

Miyamoto thought of many characters and story ideas, but eventually decided on a love triangle between a gorilla, a carpenter, and a girl. He wanted to create something like what was with comic characters Bluto and Popeye for the woman Olive Oyl. Although, Nintendo tried to get the rights to "Popeye", but they failed. Bluto became an ape, a form Miyamoto said was "nothing too evil or disgusting". This ape would be the pet of the main character, "a funny, hang-loose kind of guy." Miyamoto also said "Beauty and the Beast" and the 1933 film "King Kong" influenced him. "Donkey Kong" was the first time that the creation of a video game's story came before the actual programming. Usually, the story was added without much care. Miyamoto had high hopes for his new project. However, he did not actually know how to program it himself; instead, he thought of the game's concepts, then asked technicians on whether they were possible. He wanted to make the characters different sizes, move in different ways, and react in various ways. However, Yokoi thought Miyamoto's original design was too difficult. Yokoi suggested using see-saws to catapult the character across the screen; however, this was also too difficult to do. Miyamoto next thought of using sloped platforms and ladders to move the character. He thought of using barrels for obstacles. When he asked that the game have multiple stages, the four-man programming team complained that he was basically asking them to make the game repeat, but the team eventually programmed the game. When the game was sent to Nintendo of America for testing, the sales manager did not like how it was different from the maze and shooter games common at the time. When American staffers started naming the characters, they decided on "Pauline" for the woman. She was named after Polly James, wife of Nintendo's Redmond, Washington, warehouse manager, Don James. The playable character was first called "Jumpman". They changed the name to Mario. He was named after Mario Segale, the warehouse landlord. These character names were written on the American cabinet art and used in advertising. The staff also got an English name for the game. The title was "Donkey Kong".

While going through the Philippines, Banyan had heavy rains across much of the country. This led to widespread flooding. At least ten people were killed by the storm. A total of 75,632 people were affected by the storm.
On December 11, a disturbance formed and stayed near Chuuk. On December 13, the low pressure area quickly got stronger. On the same day, the JTWC upgraded the low pressure to a tropical depression. They named it "27W". The JMA also upgraded it to a tropical depression. The JTWC upgraded the system to a tropical storm on December 14. They then downgraded it to a tropical depression early on December 15. The PAGASA called it "Sendong" as it entered the Philippine Area of Responsibility. After passing Palau on December 15, both the JTWC and the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm. They named it "Washi". On December 16, Washi made landfall over Surigao del Sur, a province of the Philippines. Several hours later, Washi arrived at the Sulu Sea and regained its strength quickly. Late on December 17, Washi crossed Palawan, and arrived at the South China Sea. On December 19, Washi weakened into a tropical depression and dissipated.
Within the Northwestern Pacific Ocean, there are two separate agencies who assign names to tropical cyclones which often results in a cyclone having two names. The Japan Meteorological Agency names tropical cyclones should they be judged to have 10-minute sustained windspeeds of 65 km/h, (40 mph), to the north of the equator between the 180° and 100°E. Whilst the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration assigns names to tropical cyclones which move into or form as a tropical depression in their area of responsibility between 135°E and 115°E and between 5°N-25°N even if the cyclone has had a name assigned to it by the Japan Meteorological Agency.

An extratropical cyclone turns anticlockwise in the Northern Hemisphere. The shape is circular or oval. The usual diameter is about 1000 km. These cyclones are usually connected with fronts. A front is a system of changes in weather. It is caused by a very cold air mass meeting a very hot air mass. In the cyclone, there is a system of warm front and cold front. The center of a cyclone is cloudier. There is also a very high chance of precipitation. The wind is strong and changes its direction, as the warm front passes. The weather is stable and fog is usual. As the cold front passes, there is a change of wind, the temperature decreases and rain is also common.
Some extratropical cyclones are made from tropical cyclones that become weak but do not die when they move over cold water. Sometimes, these weather areas can become even stronger than before as they turn into extratropical cyclones. When made from tropical cyclones, they can still have an eye (a place in the middle of a tropical cyclone that is not as windy, cloudy, or rainy). European windstorms are sometimes made when wind from the northwestern part of the Atlantic carry them more east and north towards Europe. Nor'easters often hit northeastern North America, and are made when it is cold, most often in late fall. Wind from the west part of the Atlantic moves them north. They become stronger, and drop snow on the areas it moves into. When a nor'easter drops in pressure and become stronger, by more than one millibar every hour, it is called a weather bomb. Hurricane Hazel was extratropical but still hurricane-level when it hit Toronto, for example.
Cyclonal defects usually occur in series called "the families of the cyclones". Usually, there is a belt of 3 or 4 cyclones in different stages. The cyclone has several stages of evolution. First, there is a stage of the origin of a cyclone. Second stage means that the cyclone is strengthening. At that moment, both the warm and cold front are very large. The system is moving very fast. The cold front is generally faster, which means that it runs down the warm one. This causes an occluded front. The weather is similar to both types of fronts. The third stage ends with filling of the area with air. The pressure rises. Stage four means that the signs of cyclonal weather disappear.

In Congress, Sickles had aligned himself with Southern Democrats and was himself a pro-slavery Democrat. But after the outbreak of the war, Sickles suddenly became Pro-Union. His last session in Congress had ended in March so Sickles was back in New York City practicing law when the war started. In later versions of his motives for joining the Union Army he stated he thought he could best serve the Union by raising a regiment. Republican President Lincoln needed the support of Democrats and apparently saw Sickles as one he could use. After raising a regiment, then a brigade which he named the Excelsior Brigade, Sickles assumed he would be given the rank of brigadier general (a colonel commanded a regiment while a brigadier general commanded a brigade). But officially, he remained a colonel of the first regiment, even though he commanded the entire brigade. New York Governor Edwin D. Morgan decided there were too many regiments from New York City and ordered Sickles to disband some of the regiments. As a result, Sickles would not get a brigadier general's commission. Going around the governor, Sickles went to Washington to meet with Lincoln. The President agreed to enlist the disbanded regiments as United States Volunteers. Finally on July 20, 1861 they received orders to report to Harpers Ferry, West Virginia. In September, Sickles was nominated as a brigadier general of volunteers, but his confirmation was delayed for several months by the United States Senate. Sickles brigade spent most of 1861 in lower Maryland. Sickles frequently visited the Lincolns in Washington during this time. In March 1862, his command was attached to General Joseph Hooker in the Army of the Potomac. That same month, Sickles' brigadier general commission was turned down by the Senate. The Excelsiors saw their first combat that month. Sickles personally led a reconnaissance. Then on April 6, he left the Excelsiors for Washington to protest his not being commissioned a brigadier general. While his unit fought in the Peninsula Campaign, Sickles remained in Washington. Lincoln again nominated him for general and on May 3, 1862 the Senate confirmed him.

The genre has been traced back to the electronic game Simon, invented by Howard Morrison and Ralph Baer (the latter also invented the Magnavox Odyssey) in 1978. Players take turns repeating increasingly complicated sequences of button presses and the game implemented the "call and response" mechanic used by later music video games. "Dance Aerobics" was released in 1987, and allowed players to create music by stepping on Nintendo's Power Pad peripheral. It has been called the first rhythm-action game. The later "PaRappa the Rapper" has also been credited as the first rhythm game, as well as one of the first music games in general. The game required players to press buttons corresponding to the order they appeared on-screen; this basic mechanic would form the core of future rhythm games. The success of "PaRappa the Rapper" sparked popularity of the music game genre. Unlike most other games in the genre, it featured a completely original soundtrack and a good plot. Konami's "Beatmania", released in Japanese arcades in 1997, was a dj-themed rhythm game which featured buttons laid out like a keyboard along with a rubber pad that looked like a record. The game was a surprise hit, inspiring Konami's Games and Music Division to change its name to Bemani in honor of the game, and to then begin experimenting with other rhythm games over the next few years. One of those successes, "GuitarFreaks", featured a guitar-shaped controller. While the franchise continues to receive new arcade versions in Japan, it was never strongly marketed outside of the country, allowing Harmonix to capitalize on the formula several years later with the Western-targeted "Guitar Hero". Similarly, "DrumMania" from 1999 used a drum kit controller and could be linked with "GuitarFreaks" for simulated jam sessions, several years before the concept appeared in "Rock Band". 1998's "Pop'n Music", a game similar to "Beatmania", featuring multiple colorful buttons was also successful.

"Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars" got very good reviews from critics. "Adventure Gamers" praised the game's story, puzzles, art, voice acting and interface, and called it a true masterpiece and adventure gaming at its absolute finest. However, the magazine stated that long conversations may put some players of. Joe Antol of "Adventure Classic Gaming" stated that it's one of the best adventures he has played in a number of years, and that it's a "must play and experience" adventure title for any adventure game lover. "Game Over Online" praised the GBA version, saying that Revolution did a great job redrawing the game's visuals, and that its patience, maturity and depth are some things that are rarely seen on the GBA. "RPGFan" stated that even if the GBA version can be buggy at times, it's still a worthy addition to any GBA library, and is one of the finest examples of how a well-crafted graphic adventure should be done. James Gordon of "HonestGamers" praised the games graphics, sound and story, and even called it one of the best GBA games to date, he stated that you may not want to play it more than once, even though he did. "PC Gamer" praised the game's story, puzzles and art. However, unlike most critics, the reviewer has criticized the voice acting, saying that it is not quite professional, and at times annoying. He also criticized the puzzles, stating that they were good, but some required to much pixel-hunting. "Mr. Bill and Lela" of "Mr. Bill's Adventureland" stated that it's a "winner" and a totally addictive game, which combines the very best aspects of traditional adventure games and mystery thrillers, with even a little romance thrown in for good measure, and a suspenseful and slowly evolving story that will keep you glued to your seat.

In 1969, the party suffered a major split. A faction was led by Indira Gandhi, leaving to establish the Congress (R), with the remainder becoming the Congress (O). The Congress (R) became the dominant faction, winning the 1971 general election with a considerable margin. However, another split occurred in 1979, leading to the creation of the Congress (I), which was recognized as the Congress by the Electoral Commission in 1981. Under Rajiv Gandhi's leadership, the party won a massive victory in the 1984 general elections, nevertheless losing the election held in 1989 to the National Front. The Congress then returned to power under P. V. Narasimha Rao, who moved the party towards an economically liberal agenda, a sharp break from previous leaders. However, it lost the 1996 general election and was replaced in government by the National Front (then the BJP). After a record eight years out of office, the Congress-led coalition known as the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) under Manmohan Singh formed a government post-winning 2004 general elections. Subsequently, the UPA again established the government after winning the 2009 general elections, and Singh became the first Prime Minister since Nehru in 1962 to be re-elected after completing a full five-year term. However, in the 2014 general election, the Congress suffered a heavy defeat, winning only 48 seats of the 543-member Lok Sabha (the lower house of the Parliament of India). In the 2019 general election, the party again suffered a heavy defeat, winning only 52 seats in the Lok Sabha.

Between the ages of nine and 15 years (on average, at 12 to 13 years), the vagina and uterus (womb) become bigger. The uterus is the organ in which a baby grows. The vagina is a tube leading from the uterus to the outside of the body. The opening of the vagina is inside the vulva, in between the legs. A clear or whitish fluid may start to flow out of the vagina to keep it clean. Then, about two years after the breasts start to grow, when a girl is between ten and 16 years old (on average, at 13 to 14 years), hormones made by her ovaries cause the ovaries to release an ovum, which moves into the uterus. Usually, only one ovum is released at a time. The hormones also tell the uterus to get ready for a baby, in case the ovum meets a sperm cell and gets fertilized. The walls of the uterus become thicker with extra tissue. Inside the thick part of the uterus are blood vessels and other nutrients that a baby will need to grow. If an ovum in the uterus gets fertilized, it sticks to the wall of the uterus and starts to grow. However, if the ovum is not fertilized, it does not stick. The uterus then gets rid of the ovum and the extra tissue by releasing it from the body. The tissue and blood flows out of the uterus through the vagina. This is called menstruation or having a period. The bleeding normally lasts for about three to five days, though some girls may bleed for longer or have a bit of bleeding between periods. The uterus then starts preparing for another ovum. For most girls, the time between their periods is about one month. For about two years after menstruation starts, the time between periods is not always the same. Some girls may skip a month, or have two periods close to each other. It is also normal to have cramps (rather painful squeezing feelings) or to feel bloated (swollen up) in the abdomen during periods. When many girls start having periods, they begin using sanitary napkins (also called sanitary pads) or tampons to soak up the blood and tissue. A sanitary napkin is a piece of material that is absorbent (able to take in liquids) and is worn between the vulva and underpants. A tampon is a stick of absorbent material that is placed inside the vagina.

Matt Vasgersian (born September 28, 1967) is an American sportscaster. He works for MLB Network. He is the new pregame/postgame show host for MLB on Foxreplacing Chris Rose in the MLB Network studios. He does occasional play-by-play for Fox Saturday Baseball. He is also the lead play-by-play for Thursday Night Baseball for MLB Network. He also called baseball games for the San Diego Padres, Milwaukee Brewers, MLB on TBS, Tucson Toros, High Desert Mavericks, and baseball & softball at the 2004 Summer Olympics on NBC. His trademark was: Santa Maria! on a walk off hit, a great play, a no hitter, or a perfect game. He is also the host of Baseball IQ, MLB Network's first ever game show. He has also hosted other shows for Fox Sports Net such as Celebrity Blackjack, Sports Geniuses, Poker Superstars Invitational Tournament, National Heads-Up Poker Championship, and the International World Championships of Rock Paper Scissors. In addition to baseball, poker, and game shows, he has called Olympic games and football. Vasgersian was the announcer for ski jumping at the 2006 Winter Olympics for NBC and anchored the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2010 Winter Olympics for the NBC family. Vasgersian called one season for NBC's coverage of the XFL before it folded. He also called BCS games for Fox most notably with Terry Donahue and Pat Haden and sideline reporter Laura Okmin. Vasgersian also called NFL games for Fox from 2005 until 2009 when MLB Network launched. However, he returned for Week 17 of the 2009 NFL season. Vasgersian also called USC Trojans men's basketball for Fox Sports Net and has been a fill-in voice for UFC on FSN when Mike Goldberg was studio hosting for college football.

With the attacks unfolding, air traffic officials began issuing warnings through the Aircraft Communication Addressing and Reporting System (ACARS). Ed Ballinger, the United flight dispatcher, began sending text cockpit warnings to United Airlines flights at 09:19, 17 minutes after he became aware of Flight 175's impact. Ballinger was responsible for multiple flights, and he sent the message to Flight93 at 09:23. Ballinger received a routine ACARS message from Flight93 at 09:21: "Good morning...Nice clb (climb) outta EWR [Newark Airport]." The message commented about the sights from the cockpit and the weather, and was signed off with the initial, "J.", indicating it came from Jason Dahl, who knew Ballinger. At 09:22, after learning of the events at the World Trade Center, LeRoy Homer's wife, Melody Homer, had an ACARS message sent to her husband in the cockpit asking if he was all right. At 09:24, Flight93 received Ballinger's ACARS warning, "Beware any cockpit intrusiontwo a/c [aircraft] hit World Trade Center". At 09:26, after the pilots twice checked in with a routine altitude and weather report to an air traffic controller at the FAA's Cleveland Center, Dahl wrote a hasty, misspelled ACARS reply: "Ed cofirm latest mssg plz-Jason". At 09:27:25, as the aircraft was crossing into eastern Ohio airspace, the flight crew responded to a routine radio call from a Cleveland air traffic controller, who told them to watch for another plane twelve miles away and two thousand feet above them. They said contact was negative and they were looking. This was the last communication made by the flight crew before the hijacking.

When the temple was finished, King Solomon brought the of the Lord's covenant to the temple and made all the people of Israel come there, and they sacrificed so many sheep and cattle "they could not be recorded or counted". Then the cloud filled the temple - just as God showed himself on the at Mt. Sinai, he now showed himself at the temple in a cloud. Then King Solomon praised God. He said a prayer of dedication (giving to God) in front of the people of Israel. He asked God to keep his promise to King David of letting King David's sons rule forever (which, according to Christianity, becomes true when Jesus, the son of David, dies for mankind); then he added, "But will God really dwell on earth? The heavens, even the highest heaven, cannot contain you. How much less this temple I have built!"—reminding the people that God was not bound to the temple and could not be contained, even though he had chosen to come and with the people of Israel in a special way. Then he asked God to answer the people of Israel when they prayed toward, or at, the temple; to hear from heaven when someone sinned, or enemies came to Israel, or there was drought or famine in the land, "...whatever disaster or disease may come, and when a prayer or plea (asking for something, request) is made by any of your people Israel...then hear from heaven, your dwelling place. Forgive and act; deal with each man according to all he does, since you know his heart (for you alone know the hearts of all men), so that they will fear you all the time they live in the land you gave our fathers" (1 Kings 8:38-40). Then Solom stood up and blessed the people of Israel, and gave sacrifices to God: "twenty thousand cattle and a hundred and twenty thousand sheep and goats. So the king and all the Israelites dedicated the temple of the LORD"(1 Kings 8: 63, NIV).

Hurricane Eta had life-changing effects on Honduras, largely due to flooding. Flooding caused 559 residents to get out of their homes and two others had to be rescued. At least 457 homes were damaged by floodwaters, 41 communities were cut off by washed-out roads, and at least nine bridges were destroyed including one in La Ceiba. In La Ceiba, floodwaters rushed through streets, and the flooding also washed away a structure at a local cemetery. A ferry leaving Roatán was rocked by large waves and winds with 300 passengers onboard while trying to reach the port of La Ceiba. Nobody was injured on the ferry. The Permanent Contingency Commission of Honduras said that 14 roads and 339 homes were destroyed. In Olanchito, 12 people, including two newborns, were trapped. A wall collapsed at a prison in El Progreso letting in waist-deep floodwaters, causing the evacuation of more than 600 inmates. At least 74 people were killed across Honduras as a result of Eta, mainly due to landslides and drownings. Among the dead were at least four people, including three children, who were killed in the mountains outside the north coast city of Tela due to landslides. In Santa Barbara, a 2-year-old girl was killed when she and her mother were swept away by floodwaters; the mother survived. Four members of the same family died in the municipality of Gualala due to heavy rains. A 13-year-old girl was killed when mud and rain caused her home to collapse in the village of Carmen. In Sulaco, a 15-year-old boy drowned while trying to cross a river that was full due to rain. A 37-year-old man also drowned in San Manuel, in the western part of the Lempira Department. Total economic losses in Honduras are estimated to be over 125 billion lempiras (US$5 billion).

Recently, there have been proposals and a law has been enacted in Oklahoma for a variation, so-called nitrogen gas, either by chamber or a mask. It is believed to be less painful and anxious than the method previously used. In the beginning, actually, the idea of a gas chamber was to let the prisoner condemned to death sleep in a cell which would then be exposed to lethal gas during the night, without the prisoner's knowledge. However, because of poor isolation techniques it was too difficult and so the gas chamber was introduced instead. It was introduced in several states, including Mississippi, North Carolina, Missouri, Colorado, California, Arizona and New Mexico, but it never was as popular as the electric chair and later execution by injection. The method is in fact expensive and thought to be painful because the prisoner must breathe deeply to hasten the death, which is difficult when the body wants to reject the fumes. (With nitrogen, it is different because the body doesn't reject it as strange or fatal.) It is also extremely dangerous to the audience and personnel in case there is a leak, and impossible to halt in case there is an attempt to stop the execution, such as in the cases of Caryl Chessman and Burton Abbott. In the case of an electric current or injection the switch can be turned off and the needle ripped out, and while it might not be enough there is no risk for the people trying to save the prisoner. In one case, when the mechanism jammed, the executioner had to drop the pellet into the acid (producing the deadly fumes beneath the chair where the prisoner was sitting) and jump out of the chamber as the warden stood ready to slam the door and tighten it.

Danilo made his international debut during Copa América 1945 when Brazil finished second and also in 1946. He won the Roca Cup with Brazil national team in 1945. His first international goal was against Uruguay in 1948. Danilo won the 1949 Copa América and scored once, he said that the tournament was the best of his life. He was a starter for the famous 1950 World Cup team, unjustly remembered for losing the last game to Uruguay, despite being one of Brazil's best ever squads. Brazil only needed to draw Uruguay to win the 1950 FIFA World Cup at the Maracanã stadium. Uruguay came from a goal down to win the match 2-1. This defeat is remembered today as the Maracanaço. After the match Danilo was sad and he was consoled by his teammates and opponents, Although he was not blamed for the defeat, his teammates has stated that he had a good match. It is considered Brazil's worst disaster in history. Danilo is, till today, considered one of Brazil's most complete centre-halves and, by some, a top 10 among Brazil's craques. Just as Ademir, Zizinho, Jair and others on the 1950 team, he would likely be regarded even more highly if it were not for that one day in the Maracanã stadium. In 1952 he returned to the Brazil national team after being absent for 2 years and he won the Panamerican Championship, In 1953 Danilo was selected to play for the Copa América and he formed with Bauer and Bigode a formidale midfield trio, he was a true playmaker during the tournament and the Seleção ended up as runners-up. He retired after the tournament. He played 27 games with 2 goals between 1945 and 1953. He also won the Roca Cup in 1945, Copa Rio Branco in 1947 and 1950 and Taça Oswaldo Cruz in 1950.

Attitudes toward slavery were shifting; a protected the African slave trade only until 1808. The Northern states permanently stopped slavery between 1780 and 1804, leaving the slave states of the South as defenders of the "peculiar institution." The Second Great Awakening, beginning about 1800, made evangelicalism a force behind different social reform movements, including abolitionism.
Americans' eagerness to expand westward caused a long series of Indian Wars and an Indian removal policy that stripped the native peoples of their land. The Louisiana Purchase of French-claimed land under President Thomas Jefferson in 1803 almost doubled the nation's size. The War of 1812, declared against Britain over different complaints and fought to a draw, strengthened U.S. nationalism. A series of U.S. military invasions into Florida led Spain to give up it and other Gulf Coast territory in 1819. The United States took over the Republic of Texas in 1845. The idea of Manifest destiny became popular during this time. The 1846 Oregon Treaty with Britain led to U.S. control of the present-day American Northwest. The U.S. victory in the Mexican–American War resulted in the 1848 cession of California and much of the present-day American Southwest. The California Gold Rush of 1848–49 further encouraged western relocation. New railways made relocation easier for settlers and increased conflicts with Native Americans. Over a half-century, up to 40 million American bison, or buffalo, were killed for skins and meat and to ease the railways' spread. The loss of the buffalo, which were valuable to the plains Indians, caused many native cultures to become gone forever.

The first Muslim conquests (632–732), (, Fatah, literally "opening",) also referred to as the Islamic conquests or Arab conquests, began after the death of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. He established a new unified political polity in the Arabian peninsula which under the following Rashidun and Umayyad Caliphates saw a century of rapid expansion of Arab power well beyond the Arabian peninsula in the form of a vast Muslim Arab Empire with an area of influence that stretched from northwest India, across Central Asia, the Middle East, North Africa, southern Italy, and the Iberian Peninsula, to the Pyrenees. The Arab conquests culminated in Islamic rule being established across three continents (Asia, Africa, and Europe). According to Scottish historian James Buchan: "In speed and extent, the first Arab conquests were matched only by those of Alexander the Great, and they were more lasting."The Arab conquests brought about the collapse of the Sassanid Empire and a great territorial loss for the Byzantine Empire. Though spectacular, the Arab successes are not hard to understand in hindsight. The Sassanid Persian and Byzantine empires were militarily exhausted from decades of fighting one another. This prevented them from dealing effectively with the mobile Arab raiders operating from the desert. Moreover, many of the peoples living under the rule of these empires, for example Jews and Christians in Persia and Monophysites in Syria, were disloyal and sometimes even welcomed the Arab invaders, largely because of religious conflict in both empires.

Historical and ethnic studies published and promoted by the various ruling classes during their governance over Malta provide little, if any, valuable guidance on the question of Maltese ethnicity, given that their conclusions appear to have been driven, in large part, by political expediency. Hence, Maltese history books published during the rule of the Knights of St. John, at a time when Malta and Gozo suffered repeated "razzias" at the hands of the Ottomans and Barbary corsairs, promoted the myth of a continuous, Roman Catholic, native Maltese population, that somehow survived despite the Arab conquest of Malta and the depopulation that followed. Studies and reports published during the British colonial period promoted the theory of Phoenician origins, in an attempt to distinguish the Maltese from their Sicilian and Italian neighbours, or in the case of the Catholic Church, to distinguish the Maltese from the Arab peoples that controlled Malta prior to the liberation of Malta by the Normans. By contrast, history books published during the Mintoff years following Independence began to question the earlier beliefs in a continuous, indigenous population of Christian Maltese and, in some cases, quietly promoted the theory of closer cultural and ethnic ties with North Africa. This new development was noted by Boissevain in 1991:
"...the Labour government broke off relations with NATO and sought links with the Arab world. After 900 years of being linked to Europe, Malta began to look southward. Muslims, still remembered in folklore for savage pirate attacks, were redefined as blood brothers."
This latter development coincided with and reflected dramatic new (but short-lived) developments in Maltese foreign policy: Western media reported that Malta appeared to be turning its back on NATO, the United Kingdom, and Europe generally; Libya had loaned several million dollars to Malta to make up for the loss of rental income which followed the closure of British military bases in Malta; Malta and Libya had entered into a "Friendship and Cooperation Treaty", in response to repeated overtures by Gaddafi for a closer, more formal union between the two countries.

Researcher Sean Murphy has suggested that a man standing on the Depository front steps in the Dave Wiegman, Jr. and James Darnell films during the assassination, called "Prayer Man", was Oswald and Oswald’s wife, Marina also expressed her belief. The suggestion is that that the official record of Marrion Baker and Roy Truly encountering Oswald in the TSBD second floor lunchroom was false and on the day of the assassination, Truly was overheard by reporter Kent Biffle, informing Dallas Police Captain Will Fritz (chief of homicide) that he had seen Oswald in “a storage room on the first floor”. Occhus Campbell (the vice President of the TSBD) also told the New York Herald Tribune the same day that he saw Oswald “shortly after the shooting” in the first floor storage room. Fritz even wrote that Truly saw Oswald “immediately after the shooting somewhere near the back stairway”. The storage room on the first floor was located under the front stairs. In addition, notes taken down by FBI Special Agent James P. Hosty and Fritz during the first interrogations of Oswald on November 22, indicate that when Oswald was asked to account for himself at the time of the assassination, he claimed that he “went outside to watch P. Parade” (referring to the presidential motorcade), and that he was “out with [William Shelley, a foreman at the depository] in front”. According to postal inspector Harry Holmes, Oswald said that he was at the “front entrance to the first floor” in the first floor vestibule by the front entrance and wanted to see what the “commotion” was when he encountered a policeman who told him to “step aside”.

In 1863 the Metropolitan Railway opened in London between Paddington and Farringdon. It was the world's first underground railway. It connected the Great Western Railway's relatively remote terminus at Paddington with Euston and King's Cross stations and the City, London's financial heart. In the same year a report recommended an 'inner circle' of railway lines between the London termini that had been built or were under construction. In the next year the Metropolitan District Railway (commonly known as the District Railway) was formed to build and operate a railway from South Kensington to Tower Hill. The Metropolitan western extension opened in 1868 from a new station at Paddington to South Kensington. By May 1870 the District railway had opened its line from West Brompton to Blackfriars via Gloucester Road and South Kensington, services being operated at first by the Metropolitan. In 1871 the District had built a terminus at Mansion House, and on 18 November 1876 the Met opened its terminus at Aldgate. Due to conflict between the two companies it took an Act of Parliament before further work was done on the inner circle. In 1882 the Metropolitan extended its line from Aldgate to a temporary station at Tower Hill and the District completed its line to Whitechapel. On 6 October 1884 the temporary station was replaced with a joint station and the inner circle was complete. The Metropolitan provided the clockwise or 'outer rail' trains, the District the 'inner rail' or anti-clockwise.

Household income in the United States varies a lot with the age of the person who heads the household. The median household income increased with the age of householder until retirement age when household income started to decline. The highest median household income was found among households headed by working baby-boomers. Households headed by persons between the ages of 45 and 54 had a median household income of $61,111 and a mean household income of $77,634. The median income per member of household for this group was $27,924. The highest median income per member of household was among those between the ages of 54 and 64 with $30,544. The group with the second highest median household income, were households headed by persons between the ages 35 and 44 with a median income of $56,785, followed by those in the age group between 55 and 64 with $50,400. The lowest income group was mainly those households headed by individuals younger than 24, followed by those headed by persons over the age of 75. Households headed by persons above the age of seventy-five had a median household income of $20,467 with the median household income per member of household being $18,645. These figures support the general assumption that median household income as well as the median income per member of household peaked among those households headed by middle aged persons, increasing with the age of the householder and the size of the household until the householder reaches the age of 64. With retirement income replacing salaries and the size of the household declining, the median household income decreases as well.

On the January 30 episode of "Raw", entered a feud with Chris Jericho after Jericho attacked Punk and Daniel Bryan during their Champion vs. Champion match which helped Bryan gain the win. On the February 6 episode of "Raw", Jericho explained why he attacked Punk, saying that the WWE roster were imitations of himself and he singled out Punk for claiming that he was the best in the world, a moniker that Jericho had used during the last time that he was in WWE. Punk competed in an Elimination Chamber match at Elimination Chamber. The match also featured Jericho who Punk kicked out of the chamber and suffered a short lasting injury. Punk was able to win the match and retain his championship. On the February 20 episode of "Raw", Jericho won a 10-Man No. 1 Contender's Battle Royal and earned a match against Punk for the WWE Championship at WrestleMania XXVIII. To try and gain a psychological edge, Jericho revealed that Punk's father was an alcoholic and also alleged that Punk's sister was a drug addict. Jericho said that Punk's straight edge philosophy was so that he would not end up falling into the same vices and promised that he would make Punk turn to alcohol by defeating him and winning the championship from him. A stipulation was added to the match by John Laurinaitis that if Punk was disqualified, he would have lost the championship. Jericho would then try to get Punk to use a weapon which Punk refused to do. Punk was able to defeat Jericho and retain his championship at WrestleMania XXVIII. On both the April 2 and 9 episodes of "Raw SuperShow", Punk was able to retain his championship against Mark Henry after he lost to him via count-out and disqualification. After both of the matches, Jericho would attack Punk and pour alcohol on him. On the April 16 episode of "Raw SuperShow", Punk was able to pin Henry in a no disqualification, no countout match to retain his title. The feud ended at Extreme Rules when Punk was able to retain his championship by defeating Jericho in a Chicago Street Fight.

At night, the children ask their father to tell them a story. He tells them how when he and Deianeira first met. Hercules begins telling how the fire had gone from the Earth and that Deianeira's village needed fire. He told them how he got the fire back from Hera's temple. During the story, Hercules sees that the children are asleep. He and Deianeira go to bed. She asks him if he misses travelling and fighting monsters. He says that he does miss it. The next day, Hercules is working in the stables. He sees something move quickly past the door. He goes to look but sees nothing. As he walks back into the stable, a man jumps on him. Hercules turns to see it is Iolaus. They begin talking about their past. The two men go inside to get a drink. Iolaus tells Hercules that he met a man who taught him to fight better. When Hercules attacks Iolaus, the smaller man does well at first. After a short while Hercules still wins. Deianeira tells Iolaus that since Hercules gave up his adventures he has become sad. A man comes at the stable looking for Hercules. He tells him that he must help his village and that a monster has taken his brother. Hercules says he cannot go. The man says he has to because he is Hercules. Later that evening Deianeria asks him why he refused to help. He tells her that he said that he would stay and raise the children with her. She tells him that he should not try to stop being Hercules, not for her or the children. She tells him to go. The next day, he and Iolaus set off for Alturia. As they travel to Alturia, a young couple are looking for somewhere quiet. They find the cave and enter. While they are in the cave, the Minotaur comes and attacks them.

The Diary of Alicia Keys is the second studio album from American R&B/soul pianist and singer Alicia Keys. It was released in late 2003, and went on to win the 2004 Grammy Award for Best R&B Album. It includes the hit singles "You Don't Know My Name" (produced by Kanye West, "If I Ain't Got You", and "Diary" (featuring Tony! Toni! Tone!).
Due to the extreme popularity of her debut album, "Songs in A Minor", there was a lot of pressure on the album to match or exceed that success.
The album received positive reviews from critics. Of "The Diary of Alicia Keys", Josh Tyrangiel of "Time" said that Keys "made half a great record. The first six songs are models of how to make nostalgic music that is not anti-present... The second half of Diary sags." However, he added that it was "obvious" that subsequent albums would "be worth hearing." Giving the album four stars, "People" magazine said that "Keys honors R&B's golden age with an old soul far beyond her 23 years." "Billboard" magazine felt that "the songstress handily tops "Songs in A Minor"" and "channels spirits of '60s and '70s soul for "Diary"." "Rolling Stone" called the album "an assured, adult statement, steeped in the complicated love life and musical dreams of an ambitious young woman", comparing Keys to Nina Simone and Aretha Franklin. ABC News said "If I Ain't Got You" is "a stunner of a ballad on which Keys' sound and vocal inflection recalled another one of Davis' famous proteges: Whitney Houston."
At the 2005 Grammy Awards, "The Diary of Alicia Keys" won Best R&B Album and also earned Keys two other awards: Best Female R&B Vocal Performance for "If I Ain't Got You" and Best R&B Song for "You Don't Know My Name".

During maturation, a process occurs that involves progressive neurodegeneration and/or the death of neurons. This process, which can be normal and natural during normal aging, involves the fundamental cells of the nervous tissue and its internal components, which are the ones that prevent effectiveness in conducting information in the human brain, with the appearance of tremors, such as in Parkinson's disease. Essential tremor is the result of abnormal communication between certain areas of the brain, including the cerebellum, thalamus, and brainstem.
This ailment affects men and women, being more frequent in people over 65 years of age. Although the exact cause of essential tremor is unknown, some work indicates that the part of the brain that controls muscle movements does not work correctly in patients with essential tremor. Half of the cases of essential tremor are the consequence of a genetic mutation, although the specific gene has not been identified. This type is called familial tremor. It is unknown what causes essential tremor in people who do not have a genetic mutation.
The diagnosis is usually made on clinical grounds. Tremors can begin at any age, from birth to old age (senile tremor). Any voluntary muscle in the body can be affected, although tremor is most commonly seen in the hands and arms and slightly less on the neck (which makes the person's head move), tongue, and legs. A resting tremor of the hands is sometimes present. Tremor occurring in the legs may be diagnosed as orthostatic tremor.

16-year-old Jernej Slivnik had a shoulder injury five months before the 2018 Games. He started practicing again at a ski resort in Slovenia in December 2017. His goal was to be prepared for the 2018 World Cup in Kranjska Gora. The competition was one of seven World Cup races before the season before the Games. He was coached by Roman Podlipnik. He also trained with Slovene deaf skier Anja Drev. His coach was happy in late December. Slivnik was recovering faster than expected from his shoulder injury. At the end of December 2017, he was the only Slovene to have earned the right to compete at the Paralympics. Because his recovery went so fast, he competed at a World Cup in Zagreb, Croatia in early December. This was in addition to the World Cup a week later in Slovenia. After his first run in Zagreb, he was in thirteenth position. He did not finish his second run. His coach was still happy with his performance. At the World Cup in Kranjska Gora, Slovenia, he finished his races. The World Cup was only a few days after the World Cup in Zagreb. While he finished thirteenth, his finishing the World Cup race was very important. It meant he completed all the things required of him to compete at the 2018 Winter Paralympics. After the race, his coach said, ""I congratulate Jernejo, because I know he has not been able to do it in the last few weeks. He was injured, but he did not finish the race in Zagreb, even though he was skiing well. Depending on the layout and the conditions on the track it worked well. I expect that now the preparations for the Paralympic Games will be relaxed and fully dedicated." Slivnik said after qualifying for the Paralympics, "Before the first run there were some problems with the track, but the Kranjska Gora team did a great job and prepared a track that was excellent. In the second, the track was already slightly slapped. I made a little mistake, but I did not want to give in, I wanted to aim. I did it. I am glad that I have confirmed my departure for the Paralympic Games, as this idea of ​​successfully passing the game was a long time in the head."

In 2013, the Super Kings strengthened their bowling attack by signing up five overseas and five Indian bowlers. In the IPL season, they finished first in the points table with 11 wins from 16 matches and qualified for the Playoffs and 2013 CLT20. This was the first time in six seasons that the Super Kings had was at the top of the league table of the IPL. During the season, they also equaled Royal Challengers Bangalore's 2011 record for most wins in succession in the IPL (7 wins on trot). In the first Qualifier at Delhi against Mumbai Indians, the Super Kings posted 192/1 in 20 overs riding on unbeaten half-centuries from Hussey (86* off 58 balls) and Raina (82* off 42 balls) before bowling out their opponents for 144. Thus they entered the final of the IPL for the fourth time in succession where they would play the same opponents, Mumbai Indians, at Kolkata. At the final, batting first, the Mumbai Indians made 148/9 in their 20 overs. In reply, the Super Kings were reduced to 39/6 at one stage before an unbeaten half-century from skipper Dhoni took them close to the target. However, Mumbai Indians won the match by 23 runs to win their first ever IPL title. Super Kings opening batsman Michael Hussey, who scored 733 runs that season at an average of 52, won the Orange Cap for the most runs in the season while all-rounder Dwayne Bravo won the Purple Cap for bagging the most wickets (32). The Super Kings gained direct qualification for the 2013 CLT20 which was held in India in September–October. They were placed in Group B alongside Brisbane Heat, Sunrisers Hyderabad, Titans and Trinidad & Tobago. They won their first three games before losing the final group match against Trinidad & Tobago. With 12 points from four matches, the Super Kings progressed to the semifinals where they suffered a 14-run defeat at the hands of the Rajasthan Royals at Jaipur.

Rosa Luxemburg (5 March 1871 in Zamość, Russian Poland – 15 January 1919 in Berlin) was a Polish-Jewish Marxist politician working in both Poland and Germany. Her birth name was Rosalia "Luxemburg". She was born into a Jewish family. She was the fifth child of her parents. Her father was a wood trader/timber trader. His name was Eliasz Luxemburg III. Her mother's name was Line (maiden name: Löwenstein). 
In one of her earliest publications, 'Reform or Revolution?' (1900) Luxemburg accepted Marx's argument that capitalism promoted exploitation and was at odds with humanity's natural, fraternal instincts. She also agreed that evolutionary socialism was impossible: only revolution could create real change. However, like Lenin, she had little sympathy for Marx's 'historicism' and denied that for a revolution to occur, capitalism would have to reach an advanced stage of development. However, Luxemburg's analysis of how the revolution should come would distinguish her from both Marx and Lenin.
After WW1 Luxemburg helped establish the German Communist Party (KDP). She organised a socialist uprising in Germany but was killed by a right-wing group called the Freikorps. Rosa Luxemburg made many new communist ideas that continue to influence communism today. Rosa Luxemburg supported the Russian Revolution led by Lenin and Trotsky, but she saw them both as making undemocratic mistakes in organizing what was supposed to be a more democratic nation. She also insisted the freedom of assembly, freedom of the press, freedom of speech and abolition of death penalty. In 1913 she published an essay "The Accumulation of Capital" that urges that capital accumulation causes the imperialism.

Sindh was the first place in the Indian subcontinent to not only be conquered by a Muslim state but also the first to have a significant Muslim population. Islam arrived in Sindh after the Umayyad conquest and annexation of Sindh in the year 711 AD led by the Arab general Muhammad ibn Qasim. After this, Sindh became the easternmost province of the Caliphate. The second significant religion of the Sindhis is Hinduism which is the historical religion of Sindhi people as it was the major religion practised in the region before the Muslim conquest. Today, Sindhi Hindus make up about 20% of the total ethnic Sindhi population worldwide. Sindhi Hindus also revere the Sikh gurus and especially the first Sikh guru, Guru Nanak. Every year for 30 years during the early 20th century, Sikh missionary groups were sent to work among Sindhis. Because of this, the number of Sindhi Sikhs increased from 1000 in 1901 to over 39,000 in 1941. During the Partition of former British India in 1947, a lot of Sindhi Hindus and Sindhi Sikhs left for India. They settled in Mumbai, New Delhi, Himachal Pradesh, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat. Later, a small number of them decided to settle in the Punjab State of India. Their main centers of pilgrimage are Sadhu Bela, an Udasi sect shrine built in 1823 in Sukkur District. And they also visit the Sikh shrines of Nankana Sahib, Panja Sahib, and Dehra Sahib in Punjab Province of Pakistan. Today, there is still a large Sindhi Hindu minority in the Sindh province of Pakistan however majority of the Sindhi Hindus live in India as their forefather migrated there during partition in 1947.

April 1987 Fengning Manchu Autonomous County officially listed.
Fengning paper cutting has a long history, Fengning folk paper-cut began in the reign of Emperor Kangxi, the beginning of paper-cut is used to reinforce the windows, blocking the window joints, and later gradually developed, gradually rich colors, the development of the characteristics of decorations, cultural values are also rising . 1993 Fengning was the Ministry of Culture named "Chinese folk paper-cut art town" now has Wei Wene, Shi Junfeng and other cultural heritage successor
In 2014, the Ministry of Culture website published "on the publicity of the fourth batch of national intangible cultural heritage representative list of projects recommended list" announcement, Fengning Teng cloth paste successfully included in the fourth batch of national intangible cultural heritage Directory. Teng 's cloth painting is a new painting by Teng Teng, a folk artist of Fengning, Hebei. His technique is a combination of painting, sculpture, heap embroidery, thangka and paper - cutting, and the materials are exquisite, colorful and delicate. Realistic, drawn widely. 
Fengning is a famous revolutionary poet Guo Xiaochuan's hometown. Guo Xiaochuan, the famous poet, writer. Born in 1919, died in 1976. Guo Xiaoguan, formerly known as Guo Enda, was born in the Fengning Manchu Autonomous County town of Fengshan (at the time was the predecessor of Chengde - Rehe Province) an intellectual family. The main works are: "plain old man", "into the fiery struggle", "to young citizens", "Pengcheng Wanli", "general trilogy", "sugar cane forest - blue gauze", "Kunlun line".

"The Lightning Thief" received mostly positive reviews. Common Sense Media said "there are two levels of fun in "The Lightning Thief". One is the fast-paced quest of a young hero and his friends to save the world" and added "another level of fun here – laughing at the wicked ways the author has updated the gods and monsters for the 21st century". However, it criticized some parts of the book. They described the prose as "choppy and attitude-filled" and complained that "[t]he characters aren't emotionally involving". Its overall rating was 4 stars out of 5. "The New York Times" praised "The Lightning Thief" as "perfectly paced, with electrifying moments chasing each other like heartbeats". "School Library Journal" said in its starred review (which is given to outstanding books) that the book was "An adventure-quest with a hip edge" and that "Readers will be eager to follow the young protagonist's next move". "Kirkus" praised the book and said, "Packed with humorous (funny) allusions to Greek mythology and clever updates of the old stories, along with rip-snorting <nowiki>[</nowiki>intense<nowiki>]</nowiki> action sequences, the book really shines in the depiction of Percy – wry, impatient, academically hopeless, with a cut-to-the-chase bluntness one would wish for in a hero of old." Eoin Colfer, author of Artemis Fowl, called it "A fantastic blend (mix) of mythology and modern". "Publishers Weekly" also praised the book, regarding it as "swift and humorous" and added that the book would "leave many readers eager for the next installment." On April 8, 2007, "The Lightning Thief" was ranked ninth on "The New York Times Best Seller list" for children's books. When speaking about the various awards, Rick Riordan said:
"The ultimate compliment for a children's writer is when the kids like it."
"The Lightning Thief" was the winner of the "School Library Journal" Best Book of 2005. It was also one of the books in Chicago Public Library "Best of the Best Books List", 2005. It was also in the VOYA Top Shelf Fiction List. The book was the Red House Children's Book Award Winner (UK), 2006, and also won Askews Torchlight Award (UK), 2006, and the Mark Twain Award (Missouri Association of School Librarians), 2008. It was an "ALA" Notable Book, 2006 and a "New York Times" Notable Book (2005). It received the Rebecca Caudill Young Readers' Book Award in 2009.

Three minutes later, Griezmann took a corner kick into the penalty area. Matuidi tried to score with a header, but it didn't work. The France players asked for a penalty, saying Perišić touched the ball with his hand while guarding Matuidi. The video assistant referee talked to the main referee and after watching the video for a few minutes, they gave France a penalty. Griezmann took the penalty kick in the 38th minute and scored by kicking it low into the left corner. In the 43rd minute, Lucas Hernandez got a yellow card for a foul on Rebić. Then Perišić shot the ball towards the goal, but it was deflected by Paul Pogba for a corner. Just before the first half ended, Croatia had a corner kick. Rakitić kicked it into the penalty area, and Vida had a chance to score with his head, but he missed the goal. The first half ended with France leading 2–1, even though they only had one shot on goal and had the ball for 34% of the time. During halftime, experts on TV talked about whether France's goals were fair. Alan Shearer and Rio Ferdinand on BBC One said that the free kick for the first goal and the penalty for the second should not have been given. Shearer called the penalty decision "ridiculous" and said the handball was not on purpose. Chris Waddle, on BBC Radio 5 Live, thought the penalty was right, saying "I would have given it. Perišić used his hand to stop the ball." Gabriele Marcotti of ESPN said it was a difficult decision that could have gone either way, even after watching the replay.

After an argument with Eazy-E over money, Dre left the group in 1991 under the advice of a friend, The D.O.C. and his bodyguard at the time, Suge Knight. Knight, a known strongman, was able to have Eazy-E release Dre from his contract and, start Death Row Records. In 1992 Dre released his first single with Snoop Dogg; "Deep Cover". Dr. Dre's first album was "The Chronic". Dre brought a new style of rap, both in terms of style and words.
The Chronic became really popular and had lots of big singles. Its sound was really popular with hip hop music for the early 1990s. In 1993, Dr. Dre also won a Grammy Award for "Let Me Ride". That year, Billboard magazine Dr. Dre was the eighth best-selling musical artist, "The Chronic" was the sixth best-selling album, and "Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang" (the first single from the album) as the 11th best-selling single.
Besides working on his own music, Dr. Dre produced Snoop Dogg's first album Doggystyle. In 1994, Dr. Dre produced some songs on the soundtracks for the films Above the Rim and Murder Was the Case. He rapped with fellow ex-N.W.A member Ice Cube for the song "Natural Born Killaz" in 1995. For the film Friday, Dre recorded "Keep Their Heads Ringin"', which reached No.10 in the charts.
In 1995, just as Death Row Records signed 2Pac, Young left the label because of a contract dispute and he was worried that Suge Knight wasn't doing things legally. In 1996, he made his own label, Aftermath Entertainment, with Interscope Records. Death Row then suffered poor sales in 1997, after the death of 2Pac.

Meanwhile, Virus warns Farhan and Raju about the effects of them being friends with Rancho by pointing out the modest financial situations of their families, provoking Raju to move in with Chatur, a Tamil, Uganda-born, arrogant, competitive student who believes in learning by rote memorization but is not fluent in Hindi. Chatur is nicknamed "Silencer" by the ICE students as he consumes some memory-enhancing pills with the side-effect of silent but lethal flatulence. In an attempt to teach Chatur a lesson about memorization, Rancho and Farhan make obscene modifications, like "chamatkar" ("miracle") to "balatkar" ("rape") and "dhan" ("wealth") to "stan" ("bosoms"), to the script of Chatur's Teachers' Day speech. After a disastrous speech in front of Virus, the Minister of Education and the ICE professors, a humiliated and furious Chatur drunkenly challenges Rancho to meet with him after ten years and see who is more successful. On the night before their final examinations, Raju's paralyzed father suffers from a medical emergency, but Rancho enlists Pia's help and rushes Raju's father to the hospital on time via Pia's scooter. After learning from Pia and the doctor how the timely intervention saved his father's life, Raju realises his mistake and reconciles with Rancho and Farhan. At the end of their first year in the ICE, Rancho comes first in the class, while Farhan and Raju are last and second to last, respectively. During the yearly class photograph, Rancho makes a bet with Virus that if either Raju or Farhan gets a job from the on-campus interviews, Virus will shave off his moustache.

The first Intifada is often known for its nonviolent nature. The nonviolent resistance from Palestinians existed of the boycott of Israeli products, strikes and the refusal to pay taxes or other obligated payments to Israel. However, the idea that this intifada was nonviolent is not correct. The first year of the Intifada was the most violent. The Palestinian youth started throwing rocks to the Israeli security forces at the beginning of the uprising. Later, they exchanged rocks for guns, grenades and other weapons against Israeli forces. The more violence Palestinians used the more violent the Israeli responses became.
The first period of the Intifada is often divided into four phases. The first phase started immediately after the mass demonstrations on 8 December in Gaza and ended, more or less, three weeks later. This phase consisted of the sudden Palestinian demonstrations and uprisings that spread from Gaza to all of the Palestinian territories. The second phase lasted until march 1988. The Intifada became more organized in this phase: the UNLU was established, even as several of the civil committees discussed above. In the third phase, that ran from march to June 1988, the Palestinians effectively started to boycott Israeli products and taxes. During the fourth phase the resistance became even more structured and organized. This phase climaxed with the Declaration of Palestinian statehood (written by the Palestinian poet Mahmoud Darwish and proclaimed by Yasser Arafat) in November 1988.
In 1989 the Israeli authorities began to banish the committees more actively and tried to crush the resurrection by deploying "collaborators". The Israeli security forces switched to extreme violent tactics in this period. The Israeli authorities called for a policy to crush the uprising by 'force, might, beating' in 1988. Israeli soldiers beat up and tortured Palestinian demonstrators, especially young people, on immense scale. An estimated amount of 57.000 were arrested by Israel authorities during the Intifada, a huge part of them became victim of torture and violence. Israeli forces used teargas, weapons, stones, sticks and bomb explosions against Palestinians. The Israeli tactics from this period led to a peak in Palestinian violence as well.

In his experiment of the sun light he extended his observation of the penetration of light through the pinhole to conclude that when the sun light reaches and penetrates the hole it makes a conic shape at the points meeting at the pinhole, forming later another conic shape reverse to the first one on the opposite wall in the dark room. This happens when sun light diverges from point “ﺍ” until it reaches an aperture “ﺏﺤ” and is projected through it onto a screen at the luminous spot “ﺩﻫ”. Since the distance between the aperture and the screen is insignificant in comparison to the distance between the aperture and the sun, the divergence of sunlight after going through the aperture should be insignificant. In other words, “ﺏﺤ” should be about equal to “ﺩﻫ”. However, it is observed to be much greater “ﻙﻁ” when the paths of the rays which form the extremities of “ﻙﻁ” are retraced in the reverse direction, it is found that they meet at a point outside the aperture and then diverge again toward the sun as illustrated in figure 1. This was indeed the first accurate description of the Camera Obscura phenomenon.
In camera terms, the light converges into the room through the hole transmitting with it the object(s) facing it. The object will appear in full colour but upside down on the projecting screen/wall opposite the hole inside the dark room. The explanation is that light travels in a straight line and when some of the rays reflected from a bright subject pass through the small hole in thin material they do not scatter but cross and reform as an upside down image on a flat white surface held parallel to the hole. Ib Al-Haitham established that the smaller the hole is, the clearer the picture is.

Following a tour stop in Munich, Germany on March 1, 1994, Kurt was diagnosed with severe Bronchitis. He flew to Rome the next day for treatment, and his wife Courtney Love met him there a few days later. On March 4, Kurt was rushed to the hospital after an overdose of Rohypnol, which he had consumed with Champagne. On March 18, Courtney called the Seattle Police to their home over one dispute, informing them that Kurt was suicidal and that he had locked himself in a room with a gun. When the police arrived, Kurt explained to them that he was not suicidal and that he only wanted to leave Courtney. On March 25, Courtney arranged an intervention for Kurt, however it was unsuccessful, with Kurt insulting its participants. On March 30, Kurt and his best friend Dylan Carlson went to buy a shotgun, which he told him he needed for home protection and because of prowlers. The guns Kurt owned previously had been seized by the police, leading Dylan to buy the gun in his name, and not Kurt’s. That same day, Kurt checked into Exodus Recovery Center, and flew to Los Angeles. After two days at the treatment center, Kurt jumped over a 6 foot perimeter wall and bought a plane ticket back to Seattle. On the flight, he sat next to Guns N' Roses’ Duff McKagan, who knew that in all of his instinct that something was wrong. When Kurt arrived back in Seattle, people reported sightings of him in the days following. When Courtney learned that he left Exodus, she began trying to locate him. On April 4, she called in a missing person’s report for him, pretending to be his mother Wendy when making the call. The day after, she instructed an assistant to hire electricians to install security lighting and motion sensors on a greenhouse above the garage of the Cobains’ home. On April 7, Nirvana pulled out of that year’s Lollapalooza music festival. The next day, one of the hired electricians named Gary Smith found Kurt’s body lying in the greenhouse, and called the police. No attempt was ever made to reform Nirvana.

It is common across North America between Alaska/Canada and Central America. It is the single most widely distributed genus of reptiles in North America. It is famous for its resistance to the poison produced by the rough-skinned newt. Garter snakes are actually venomous, just not to humans, since the amount of toxin in their saliva is too weak to really cause damage to a human. The worst they could do to you is musk on you or bite you and leave a harmless rash. In fact, cat bites are probably more serious than garter snake bites. They prey on rodents, small fish, small birds, salamanders, earthworms (not red wigglers, as they are bad for them) insects, and insect larva. They are attracted to water sources and hiding spots. You can identify a garter snake because almost every species has a stripe running down its back, the color varying and depending on the species, as there are many different species of garter snakes. They are incredibly common animals, settling in backyards and local woods. As you read this, there is probably at least one garter slithering in the nature-filled area behind you, whatever that may be. All snakes like to hide, and garters are no exception, even if they are incredibly common and small. They hide under leaves, trees, bricks and rocks stacked up, plants, sticks, and anything they can find. If you are trying to "catch" a garter, look for them under these places, and you just might find them. Like most snakes, female garters tend to be longer than the males, so that's one form of sexing them.

Mr. Harrel threatens her with his own suicide, so Cecilia lends him money for his debts. Mr. Delvile is suddenly called away, and Mortimer is happy and surprised to find out that Cecelia loves him. But, when she meets him again she is hurt by his coldness to her. Mr. Harrel loses more money by gambling and his violent behavior to his wife frightens Cecilia. After drinking, he suddenly kisses his wife and shoots himself. Terrified and upset, Cecilia meets Mortimer, who forgets to be cold. He travels with her and Mrs. Harrel to Delvile Castle, where Cecilia finds Mortimer’s behavior confusing, and Mrs. Delvile makes it clear that she does not want Cecilia to marry her son. Lady Honoria, a relative of Mrs. Delvile’s, comes and teases her about Mortimer. At last, Mortimer says that he cannot marry her, because he would have to change his name from Delvile to Beverley. He is too sad to see her anymore and he leaves the country. Cecilia says goodbye to him coolly. Mrs. Delvile, instead of going to see her son, goes to her family friend, Mrs. Charlton, and stays with her instead. While there, Mr. Biddulph, a friend of Mortimer's, sees with surprise that she is embarrassed whenever he talks about his friend, and tells that to Mortimer in a letter. Confused, Mortimer decides to find out for himself. Lady Honoria steals Mortimer’s dog, Fidel, and gives it to Cecilia to tease her. One day, Cecilia, patting the dog, talks to him about her love for Mortimer, and how much she misses him – and looking up, sees—Mortimer!

In general, during the Umayyad period "Ajam" was a pejorative term used by Arabs who believed in their social and political superiority, in early history after Islam. 
according to the new finding "Ajam infact had a root in the persian word Jam Jamshid The stories of "Jam and Jamshed and the word Molouk Ajam (Persian emperor) were well known to the Arabs before Islam and the word Molouk Ajam (Ajam kings) and Molk e Ajam(persia) were used in poems of famous 7 Arab poets of Jahiliyyah (pre Islam). one of the famous Arab figures Nadr ibn al-Harith wrote a book about the stories of the Molouk of Ajam (persian kings)Rustam Naqsh-e Rustam and Jamshid and Fereydun and presented it to the new Muslims and said that my book is more important than the stories of Muhammad. Al-A'sha another famous Arabic Jahiliyyah (pre Islam) poet from ArabiaNajd, had wrote poems describing Ajam/Persian king(Molouk Ajam) one of the Al-A'sha poem is:" أَوْ عَاتِقًا مِنْ أَذْرُعَاتٍ مُعَتَّقًا مِمَّا تَعَتَّقَهُ مُلُوكُ الأَعْجَمِ For the first time in the Umayyad period, the derogatory use of the word Ajam applied to the Persians. but during Abbasid and after The word Ajam was used for the Persians not only for humiliating but also a source of pride, as some Arabs even in The pre-Islamic period proudly narrated the glorious stories of the Molouk(kings) of Ajam and the Molk of Jam (Persia).the Arab poets Yaqut al-Hamawi and Al-Mutawakkil wrote: "I am the son of the honors Offspring of Jam(jamshid) holder of the glory legacy of Persian kings.انا ابن المکارم من النسل جم و حائز ارث ملوک العجم

Rani Mehra is a 24 year-old sheltered, meek, yet good-natured young Punjabi woman from Delhi. One day before her wedding, her fiancé Vijay Dhingra (Rajkummar Rao) tells her that he no longer wishes to marry her. He explains that his lifestyle has changed after living abroad, and Rani's conservative habits would be a wrong match for him. Stunned at the development, Rani shuts herself in her room for a day recalling her and Vijay's story of how they met and fell in love. Wanting to control the situation, she asks her parent's permission to go alone on her pre-booked honeymoon to Paris and Amsterdam. After initially hesitating, her parents agree, thinking that a vacation might cheer her up.
In Paris, Rani meets Vijayalakshmi (Lisa Haydon), a free-spirited woman of French-Spanish-Indian descent, who works at the hotel in which Rani stays. Overwhelmed by the new city and having gotten into trouble twice – once with the local police and once with a robber – Rani intends to return to India. However, Vijayalakshmi helps her out and gives her a tour around the city. The two have a series of adventures, during which Rani relives the memories of Vijay patronizing her and forbidding her from dancing and drinking – which she's free to do in Paris. During one particular incident, Rani tries on what she considers to be a revealing outfit and accidentally sends a selfie of her wearing the attire to Vijay instead of Vijayalakshmi due to the similarity in their names. Rani quickly realizes her mistake, but unbeknownst to her, the selfie revives Vijay's interest in Rani and he decides to seek her out. Eventually, the time comes for Rani to bid an emotional farewell to Vijayalakshmi and board the Dutch Sprinter train for Amsterdam. However, when Rani arrives in Amsterdam, she finds that her hostel room is being shared with three men: Taka from Japan, Tim from France, and Oleksander from Russia. Despite being skeptical, she soon becomes good friends with them and spends time shopping, sightseeing, visiting a sex shop, going to a church, and meeting pole dancers in a club. Rani befriends a pole dancer at the club, Roxette/Rukhsar (Sabeeka Imam), a Pakistani girl who is the sole breadwinner for her family back in Lahore and who is also a friend of Vijaylakshmi.

A motorhome, recreational vehicle or in British English, a caravan is a bus-like vehicle equipped for habitation, like a house on wheels. Typically, a motorhome will include a lounge area, dining area, small bathroom, a galley \kitchen and a corridor leading to a rear bedroom, though some have two or three bedrooms.
Motorhomes generally fall into four classes: Class A, Class B, Class B+, and Class C.
Class A Motorhomes are one of the biggest RVs and can accommodate up to eight people. They offer all the features of a small apartment with the largest square footage when it comes to RVs and reaching 29-45 feet in length. This class offers slide outs, bottom storage, various awnings, full kitchen & bathroom, as you will usually find a queen size bed in the master bedroom.
Class B Motorhomes, also known as van campers, are the smallest type of motorhome and can accommodate up to four people. They range from 18 to 24 feet in length, have a cabin that is smaller than what is offered under classes A and C, and use less fuel.
Class B+ Motorhomes are like bigger versions of Class B motorhomes and offer a different set of luxuries. They bring together characteristics of Class B and Class C motorhomes and can feature bigger kitchens, living space, sleeping space with twin beds/sofa beds, and a stand-up shower/bath combo.
Class C Motorhomes represent something of a middle ground between Class A and Class B. They are great for couples or a group of friends and can sleep up to eight people, which is why they are popular with timeshare arrangements that allow for fractional ownership between different families. They offer all the typical luxuries of Class A motorhomes as well as generous amounts of space and have the appearance of a larger van camper with an overhead cabin.

Lottt released her first single, "Mama Do", on 8 June 2009. The video was directed by Trudy Bellinger. It was released to MySpace. The video had over three million views on YouTube. It entered both the iTunes chart and UK Singles Chart at number one. The song had over 50,000 sales when it entered the charts. Lott said she was shocked at how well the single did. The song was also recorded in Simlish for Electronic Arts' "The Sims 3". It spent one week at number one. The song was in the top fouty for eleven weeks and spent eighteen weeks in the top seventy five. The single also did well outside the UK. It was in the top forty in eleven other countries. It was number eight in Denmark and number ten in France. The single was hit "silver" by the British Phonographic Industry on 28 August 2009 after it sold over 200,000 copies in the United Kingdom. On 15 August 2009, Lott performed at Asia's very first MTV World Stage Live in Malaysia concert. Other groups at that concert included Hoobastank, The All-American Rejects, Kasabian, Boys Like Girls, Estranged and Raygun. Lott's second single "Boys and Girls" was released on 6 September 2009. It became No. 1 on the UK Singles Chart on 13 September 2009. During the week that it became number one, the single sold just under 50,000 copies. It spent nineteen weeks in the top seventy-five and eight weeks in the top forty. The music video for the song was directed by Diane Martel.<ref name="directer/quotes"></ref> The song released was also released as her first single in the United States.

On January 15, 2014, Rodger had a fight with Hong after accusing him of stealing three candles worth $22. Rodger placed Hong under a citizen's arrest. When police arrived Hong explained he thought Rodger stole his items, including a rice bowl. Rodger denied the claims. Refusing to return the candles, Hong was arrested and later faced a petty theft charge, for which he was fined and released. Following Hong's murder, the District Attorney, Joyce E. Dudley, filed a motion to dismiss the theft charge, which was subsequently granted. On April 30, 2014, Rodger's mother, worried because she hadn't heard from her son in four days and alarmed by the videos he had posted online, reached out to his therapist. The therapist then contacted a mental health professional, who requested a welfare check on Rodger. Responding to the request, four sheriff's deputies, a university police officer, and a dispatcher in training visited Rodger's apartment. Rodger explained that the videos were his way of expressing his social difficulties in Isla Vista. The officers concluded that Rodger did not pose an immediate risk to himself or others, making him ineligible for involuntary hold. Before they left, a deputy called Rodger's mother to update her and handed the phone to Rodger, who reassured her he was alright and would call her later. The deputies also provided Rodger with information on local support services. In his manifesto, Rodger mentioned that the visit from the deputies forced him to remove most of his videos from YouTube in case of being caught. However, in the week leading up to the attacks, he re-posted them.

Archaeological discoveries show the first settlements were in the Trent river valley. The original kingdom of Mercia had a variety of different kinds of land. Most of it would not have been the first choice of anyone wishing to settle there. Not if better land was available elsewhere. The name 'Mercia' comes from the tribal name "Mierce", which means 'boundary folk.' It was probably a name already known in the English midlands and was adopted by the Angles who settled there. The Angles, according to Bede, came from "Angulus" in northern Germany. They were of the same stock as the East Anglians and the Northumbrians. The invasion of England by the Germanic tribes was relatively quick. By England was a large collection of small kingdoms each having a warlord or petty king. Within 200 years of their arrival in England, the late seventh century, emerged the Heptarchy: the seven kingdoms of Anglo-Saxon England. Mercia was the dominant power among the Anglo-Saxons from the middle of the seventh century to the early ninth century. Several Mercian noblewomen played an important role in Mercian affairs. This is in contrast to Wessex where women rarely had an active role in the government. During the seventh and eighth centuries Mercia struggled mainly with Northumbria. By the ninth century Wessex was the dominant power in the region. King Egbert of Wessex (802–839) was the overlord and for the first time passed this position down to his heirs. From this time on until they ceased to exist as a kingdom, Mercia was a vassal kingdom to Wessex. In the last quarter of the ninth century Mercia lost much of its territory in the midlands to Danish settlers.

Melvin wears a blue superhero costume, and is used to poke fun at superheroes. When asked about his superhuman powers, he indicates that he has X-ray vision, adding, "I love looking at boobies!" He appears to have no other powers, however: When Dunham asks how far he can fly, he responds, "How far can you throw me?", and when asked if he can stop a bullet like Superman, he responds, "Yeah. Once." Dunham portrays Melvin as unimpressed with other superheroes: When told Superman can leap tall buildings in a single bound, Melvin dismisses him as a "showoff," arguing that he can simply walk around them, observes that Aquaman has the same powers as SpongeBob SquarePants, asserts that the Flash's super speed is derived from methamphetamine, that the Hulk's vaunted ability to get stronger as he gets angrier merely mirrors "every white trash guy on "COPS"," and makes innuendo about the questionable relationship between Batman and the underage Robin. Melvin's first onscreen appearance was in the July 2003 "Comedy Central Presents" episode, in which he had small, black, beady eyes. By his next appearance, in "Spark of Insanity", he had been modified to have large, blue, crossed eyes. He also has an enormous nose, which he claims is his symbol, and whose similarity in shape to that of a penis is alluded to in the act. Dunham sculpted the current version of Melvin's head himself, and hired an effects company called Renegade Effects Groups to create the rubber mold and complete the puppet, before then installing the mechanics himself.

Selena co-wrote with David Byrne, former lead singer of Talking Heads, for his gospel song "God's Child (Baila Conmigo)". Her vocals were later used in the song after Byrne recorded it in Clifton, New York. Selena's brother Quintanilla III and her husband Chris Perez did not like "Dreaming of You". They both later stated that they grew to love it after Selena was murdered. While being interviewed, Keith Thomas stated that every time Selena would walk in the recording studio that all eyes would be on her because of her smiles, energy, and eager to succeed, who made everyone laugh. Thomas also stated that there were no ego problems with her. Selena had recorded songs in late 1994 and had recorded a total of six songs by January 20, 1995. Selena was supposed to record "Oh No (I'll Never Fall in Love Again)" on the morning of March 31, 1995. However, she was killed on the same day by Yolanda Saldivar, a friend and ex-manager of her clothing stores. "Oh No" was later recorded in Spanish by her brother's band, Kumbia Kings, on their album "Amor, Familia y Respecto" (2009). Thomas, who wrote "I Could Fall in Love", never finished his second song that Selena was supposed to record and talked about the song while being interviewed for the A&E series "Biography" in 2008. In 2008, freestyle singer Brenda K. Starr, revealed that she was supposed to be in two unrecorded duets with Selena. In June 2011, Dominican American Latin soul singer TeCheetah Lopez was given a demo of "Love Me Now", which was supposed to be for Selena to record. "Love Me Now" was written by Christopher Troy and Zac Harmon. According to Behar, "Dreaming of You" was supposed to be released in September or October 1995. In April 1995, EMI Latin decided to only release four out of the six English-language songs Selena had recorded. The song "Siempre Hace Frio" was taken off of "Dreaming of You".

It is reported that this problem with the CL&SS contributed to the bankruptcy of the cable company in 1888. However, electric motor traction had been considered all along, and much engineering progress had been made since the tunnel's construction had begun in 1886. So, CL&SS chairman Charles Grey Mott decided to switch to electric traction. Other cable-operated systems using the Hallidie patents continued to be designed, such as the Glasgow Subway which opened in 1896.
The solution adopted was electrical power, provided via a third rail beneath the train, but offset to the west of centre for clearance reasons. Although the use of electricity to power trains had been experimented with during the previous decade, and small-scale operations had been implemented, the C&SLR was the first major railway in the world to adopt it as a means of motive power. The system operated using electric locomotives built by Mather & Platt collecting a voltage of 500 volts (actually +500 volts in the northbound tunnel and −500 volts in the southbound) from the third rail and pulling several carriages. A depot and generating station were constructed at Stockwell. Owing to the limited capacity of the generators, the stations were originally illuminated by gas. The depot was on the surface, and trains requiring maintenance were initially hauled up via a ramp although, following a runaway accident, a lift was soon installed. In practice, most rolling stock and locomotives went to the surface only for major maintenance.

On April 30, 2014, Rodger's mother became worried after she hadn't heard from her son in four days. She found the videos he had posted online and became shocked, reaching out to his therapist. The therapist then contacted a mental health professional, who requested a welfare check on Rodger. Responding to the request, four sheriff's deputies, a university police officer, and a dispatcher in training visited Rodger's apartment. Rodger explained that he had no thoughts of hurting anyone or himself and his videos were his way of expressing his social difficulties in Isla Vista. A deputy called Rodger's mother to update her and handed the phone to Rodger, who reassured her he was alright and would call her later. The deputies also provided Rodger with information on local support services and determined he did not meet the criteria for an involuntary hold. Because the officers did not watch the videos or check if Rodger owned any weapons, they determined that Rodger did not pose an immediate risk to himself or others. After the authorities left, Rodger felt relieved they did not search his apartment, fearing they would have located his firearms and manifesto, causing him to go to prison. He maintained possession of a gun and several loaded magazines close at hand. Rodger intended to use them against the police if they returned and then planned to flee. This caused Rodger to remove most of his videos from YouTube in case of being caught. In the description of one of his videos, Rodger mentioned that he had temporarily removed most of his videos due to the concern they had caused among some of his family members. Rodger planned to re-post them in the days leading up to his attack in May.

Perambalur is a municipality town in the state of Tamil Nadu . It is the administrative headquarters of Perambalur district and Perambalur Taluk (Sub-District). Perambalur is the central town of Tamil Nadu. Perambalur district is bounded on the North by Cuddalore and Salem, South by Trichy, East by Ariyalur, West by Trichy and Salem. As of 2011 census, the town had a population of 49,648. There are a set of 11th century Buddhists images around the villages of Perambalur called Perambalur Buddhas.
According to 2011 census, Perambalur had a population of 49,648 with a sex-ratio of 1,013 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. A total of 5,190 were under the age of six, constituting 2,678 males and 2,512 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 29.43% and .29% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the town was 80.77%, compared to the national average of 72.99%. The town had a total of 12732 households. There were a total of 18,430 workers, comprising 998 cultivators, 1,746 main agricultural labourers, 364 in house hold industries, 13,762 other workers, 1,560 marginal workers, 49 marginal cultivators, 390 marginal agricultural labourers, 78 marginal workers in household industries and 1,043 other marginal workers. As per the religious census of 2011, Perambalur had 86.94% Hindus, 9.29% Muslims, 3.6% Christians, 0.01% Sikhs, 0.01% Buddhists, 0.0% Jains, 0.12% following other religions and 0.03% following no religion or did not indicate any religious preference.

At 11.00 PM on December 2 1984, while most of the one million residents of Bhopal slept, an operator at the plant noticed a small leak of methyl isocyanate (MIC) gas and increasing pressure inside a storage tank. The vent-gas scrubber, a safety device designer to neutralize toxic discharge from the MIC system, had been turned off three weeks prior [3]. Apparently a faulty valve had allowed one ton of water for cleaning internal pipes to mix with forty tons of MIC [1]. A 30-ton refrigeration unit that normally served as a safety component to cool the MIC storage tank had been drained of its coolant for use in another part of the plant [3]. Pressure and heat from the vigorous exothermic reaction in the tank continued to build. The gas flare safety system was out of action and had been for three months. At around 1.00 AM, December 3, loud rumbling reverberated around the plant as a safety valve gave way sending a plume of MIC gas into the early morning air [4]. Within hours, the streets of Bhopal were littered with human corpses and the carcasses of buffaloes, cows, dogs and birds. An estimated 3,800 people died immediately, mostly in the poor slum colony adjacent to the UCC plant [1,5]. Local hospitals were soon overwhelmed with the injured, a crisis further compounded by a lack of knowledge of exactly what gas was involved and what its effects were [1]. It became one of the worst chemical disasters in history and the name Bhopal became synonymous with industrial catastrophe [5].

In 1929, he played for Syrio and Libanez. In 1931, Leônidas moved to Bonsucesso, where he began his semi-professionalization by signing his first contract, for which he would receive four hundred thousand réis per month. At Bonsucesso, Leônidas also played basketball, having won the championship in this sport. A year later, he was already featured in Carioca football, having been called up to play in the Carioca National Team in a friendly against Ferencváros TC, then Hungarian champion, and scored a goal in the match. Also in 1931, he won the Brazilian State Team Championship. Still in 1934, he transferred to Peñarol, where he could not shine because of a knee injury. He returned to Rio de Janeiro to play for Vasco da Gama, who played one season and helped the club win the 1934 Campeonato Carioca. The following year, he changed clubs again, going to play for Botafogo, where he won Carioca that season. In 1936, he transferred to Flamengo, where he played until 1942, becoming Rio champion in 1939. This transfer would be remembered by Botafogo leader Carlito Rocha, more than thirty years later: "Leônidas gave an interview in Rio Grande do Sul, stating that he was Flamengo at heart. When he returned, he confirmed the statements. I sent him away immediately and fixed the price of the pass at five contos [de réis], which was how much he owed the club's treasury. The next day, Flávio Costawent to the club and took Leonidas to Flamengo. I couldn't admit to Botafogo an athlete who publicly said that under his white shirt, a red-black heart beat. The mood in Flamengo was deteriorating, however. In early 1941, he refused to participate in a tour of Argentina due to an injury, in addition to his constant participation in advertisements, which led to problems with the directors. In the midst of this, he was arrested by the Army for using a false reservist certificate to get a public job, ending his time at Flamengo. In 1943, Leônidas moved to São Paulo. Its debut broke the attendance record at the Pacaembu stadium, with more than seventy thousand fans in attendance. He was recognised one of the biggest idols in the club's history, having been Champion Paulistain 1943, 1945, 1946, 1948 and 1949. The following year, the Rubber Man retired from football at the age of 37.

In 1943, a former Civilian Conservation Corps camp outside Moab was used to confine Japanese American internees labeled "troublemakers" by authorities in the War Relocation Authority. The Moab Isolation Center for "noncompliant" Japanese Americans was created in response to growing resistance to WRA policies within the camps. A December 1942 clash between guards and inmates known as the "Manzanar Riot," in which two were killed and ten injured, was the final push. On January 11, 1943, the sixteen men who had initiated the two-day protests were transferred to Moab from the town jails where they had been locked up (without charges or access to hearings) after the Riot. Having closed just fifteen months prior, all 18 military-style structures of the CCC camp were in good condition. The site was converted to its new use with minimal renovation. 150 military police guarded the camp, and director Raymond Best and head of security Francis Frederick presided over the administration. On February 18, thirteen transfers from Gila River, Arizona were brought to Moab, and six days later, ten more arrived from Manzanar. An additional fifteen Tule Lake inmates were transferred on April 2. Most of these new arrivals were removed from the general camp population because of their resisting internment policies. The Moab Isolation Center remained open until April 27, when most of its inmates were taken by bus to the larger and more secure Leupp Isolation Center. In 1994, the "Dalton Wells CCC Camp/Moab Relocation Center" was added to the National Register of Historic Places. Even though no historical marker exists on the site, an information plaque at the current site entrance and a photograph on display at the Dan O'Laurie Museum in Moab mention the former isolation center.

Many experiences came through Kerouac's friendship with Neal Cassady. Cassady was a handsome, bright young with a teenaged wife, named Luanne Henderson. Cassady and Luanne had a hard relationship, and broke up and got back together many times. He later married another woman named Carolyn Robinson, who was older than Luanne and understood him better, but Carolyn and Cassady also had troubles. Kerouac was briefly married, to girlfriend Edie Parker. They did not stay together long, and were soon divorced. Cassady taught Kerouac, who never had a , how to drive, while Kerouac taught Cassady about writing.
Neal Cassady traveled back and forth across the country, usually driving cars like Hudsons at high speed. he looked for jobs, fresh experiences, and new friends. Kerouac began to travel with him. They lived in and visited cities such as Denver, San Francisco, Monterey, and even Mexico City. They also looked sometimes for Cassady's father, who disappeared years earlier. Kerouac got sick in Mexico City, and Cassady left him behind at the hospital. Kerouac had to make his own way home. He took this very hard, and was angry with Cassady. He forgave him later, when they met again, and he made Cassady the central character of his new book. One job Kerouac could fall back on, thanks to Cassady, was as a railroad brakeman.
Many people in the 1940s and 1950s used drugs such as benzedrine, to help them stay alert. Jazz music was also popular, and some jazz musicians and listeners smoked marijuana. Kerouac was influenced by both drugs, and they changed the way he wrote. He began to write what he called " prose", jotting down words in much the same way a musician a solo in a song. (Kerouac played no musical instruments, but could well, and had many of the same instincts as a musician.) His new writing style was strange to many people, and even seen as bad by some older authors and critics. It was six years before Kerouac published his second novel.

The third try at a constitution was called the Leavenworth Constitution. It was called that because on March 25, 1858, the delegates met in Leavenworth, Kansas. When a bill asking for another convention had been sent to the new territorial governor, James Denver for approval, he ignored it. The territorial legislature then passed the bill, but they met after they were scheduled to leave. This caused an angry debate even before the convention met. At the convention, abolitionists disagreed over several issues including what to offer to blacks. Even so, the delegates voted on a new constitution to present to the voters. It was ratified on May 18, but very few Kansans came out to vote on the issue. Congress did not even take the Leavenworth constitution seriously. Instead, President Buchanan said that the Lecompton constitution had been ratified and it should be the constitution under consideration. While the Leavenworth constitution was waiting on ratification, both houses of congress sent the Lecompton constitution back to the voters of Kansas. This time there was a bribe attached. If the voters would approve the Lecompton constitution, they would get 3.5 million acres of public land to use for schools, a university and public works. If they rejected the constitution, Kansas would not be allowed to submit another constitution until it gained a larger population. On August 2, the voters rejected the terms of statehood made by Congress by a vote of 11,812 to 1,926. Both the Lecompton and the Leavenworth constitutions were dead. Both the pro-slavery and anti-slavery factions realized it was time for a new plan for Kansas.

As a part of cooperation in the field of tourism, the Government of Maharashtra had signed a Memorandum of Understanding in October 2013 with the Wakayama Prefecture in Japan. Japan is considered to be Buddhist country. The Japanese wanted to establish a statue of Ambedkar on the 'Koyasan' hill, which is considered sacred to Indian Ambedkarite Buddhists. Accordingly, the statue of Babasaheb Ambedkar was decided to be installed at Koyasan. Koyasan (Mount Kōya) is also included in the World Heritage Sites. Accordingly, the statue was raised in March 2015 by Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) in Koyasana. The statue of a foreign person has been set up for the first time in Wakayama. The Statue's height is 10.5
feet (3.2 m). The architect Balkrishna (Daji) Panchal had established this statue at Kudal in Sindhudurg district of Maharashtra. The work of the statue started from December 2014 and has been completed by the end of March 2015. The statue was unveiled by Chief Minister of Maharashtra Devendra Fadnavis on 10 September, 2015. The Governor of Wakayama Prefecture Yoshinobu Nisaka, Bhante Kobo Dishi, Maharashtra State Industries Minister Subhash Desai, MP Ramdas Athavale, MP Amar Sable, former State Minister Sulekha Kumbhare were also present on the occasion. In the presence of Chief Minister Fadnavis and the governor of Wakayama Yoshinobu Nisaka, A Memorandum of Understanding was signed between Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University and Koyasan University. The Vice Chancellor of both the universities was present on this occasion.<ref name="author/admin"></ref>

Motivated by their Puritan religion, some Austrailian women in 17th century opened small, private schools in their homes to teach reading to young children. All children needed to know their religion and how to read because of the Massachusetts School Law of 1642. This law was later made more important by the famous Old Deluder Satan Act. According to Puritan beliefs, Satan would try to keep people from understanding the Scriptures, therefore all children had to be taught how to read. For a small fee, women, often housewives or widows, offered to take in children to whom she would teach a little writing, reading, basic prayers, and religious beliefs. These women received pay in coin, home industries, alcohol, baked goods, and other valuables. Teaching materials generally included a hornbook, primer, Psalter, and Bible. Both girls and boys were provided education through the dame school system. Dame schools generally focused on the four R's of education-"Riting, Reading, Rithmetic, and Religion". In addition to primary education, girls in dame schools might also learn sewing, embroidery, and other "graces". Most girls received their only formal education from dame schools because of sex-segregated education in common or public schools during the colonial period. If their parents could afford it, after attending a dame school for a rudimentary education in reading, colonial boys moved on to grammar schools where a male teacher taught advanced arithmetic, writing, Latin, and Greek.

Austria national football team is the national football team of Austria. It is controlled by the Austrian Football Association (German: Österreichischer Fußballbund - ÖFB).
The first official match took place on 12th October 1902 in Vienna when a team from Cisleithanien (Austrian part of the Austrian-Hungary Empire) played versus Hungary. (5:0) The team reached in the 1930s the best time. It was the time of the so-called "Wunderteam" (miracle team) when Austria was one of the leading teams in Europe. The Wunderteam was the first from the continent to defeat Scotland. In 1934 the team was took part in the FIFA world cup for the first time and reached the 4th place. 1936 Austria won the silver medal at the Olympic games in Berlin. Due to the occupation through Germany in 1938 there was no team between 1938 and 1945. The national team was dissolved and the players like Matthias Sindelar became part of the German team.
Soon after the end of the war the Austrian team played their first matches versus Hungary in Budapest. On December 6th, 1945 the first homematch took place in the renovated Praterstadion (now Ernst-Happel-Stadion). France was beaten by 4:1. Soon Austria was as successful as before the war. In 1951 Scotland was beaten in his own stadium by 1:0. Austria was the first team from the continent to do so. The FIFA World cup 1954 was the most successful ever. A legendary match was the quarterfinal against Switzerland which won Austria 7:5. It is still till today the Worldcup match with the most goals scored. Austria reached the semifinals and was beaten by the later world champion Germany by 1:6. The match for the 3rd place was won by 3:1 versus Uruguay. Players like Gerhard Hanappi, Walter Zeman and Ernst Ocwirk were playing in the FIFA world team. A 0:6 versus the Czech team marked the end of Austrias golden periode.
The next years Austria was an average team but surprised through notable wins. On was on 20 October 1965 when Austria won in England 3:2. Austria was the third team to do so. In the same year however Austria failed to qualify for the 1966 World Cup. Also the qualification for 1970 was a failure. The qualification for 1974 was missed after a 1:2 versus Sweden in a decider.

Didi started playing football for
Madureira in 1947. In 1949 he transferred to Fluminense, one of Rio's biggest clubs. There, Didi impressed, but in 1950 he was still too young to participate in the World Cup in his own country. That same year he was part of a representative team from Rio that opened the Maracanã against a team from São Paulo. In the game, Didi scored the first ever goal in one of the largest stadiums in the world. A year later he won the Rio de Janeiro State Championship with his club and the Copa Rio the following year. However, Didi ran into trouble at the time when Fluminense's arch-rival Botafogo, tried to get him in. The relationship between Fluminense and Didi deteriorated as a result, also because he was criticized after he left his wife and young daughter for the actress Guiomar Batista. Finally, in 1956, after seven years, Didi made the switch to Botafogo for two million cruzeiro, a record amount at the time. At Botafogo, he immediately bonded with Nílton Santos and Garrincha, with whom he would celebrate the State Championship together a year later. In 1959, the playmaker made the move to Real Madrid , where he became the first black player in club history. Real were one of the best clubs in the world at the time, but Didi had a frustrating period there. Didi was unable to force a starting spot and ran into problems with Alfredo Di Stéfano , who did not want to share his star status. The Brazilian therefore decided to return to Botafogo after two seasons. With that club he again won the State Championship in 1961 and 1962. The playmaker went on to play for several other clubs before ending his active career in 1966.

Spencer found out about her casting during the spring of 1950, when she was rehearsing a radio play in the Birmingham Studios and another actress posed the question: "You're going to be in "The Archers", aren't you?", she replied: "Am I? What are "The Archers"?". She did not have to audition for the role of Peggy as she was already contracted to the BBC to star in a string of other radio plays, stating: "My work was well-known". She was originally paid £12 for five episodes - as an experienced actress - while others were paid between £8 and £10. The original cast were put on 13-week contracts. She had publicly criticised the creator, Godfrey Baseley, as being a "very abrupt man" who could be "very dictatorial" and "thought he was God", adding: "I can't say he was greatly loved" and "He wasn't very popular but he knew what he was doing when he invented "The Archers"." Baseley had once theatres to sack her after she decided to not attend his party. She later recalled "barely having a free weekend" due to the demand of public appearances to promote the serial, stating: "I can remember on one occasion being flown down to Cornwall in a rather ancient plane which had been very loosely adapted for civilian use. When we got there, there was a very large gathering of the Women's Institute for women all over Cornwall. Such was the popularity of the programme, I was literally mobbed." She also said: "When "The Archers" started, there were only seven of us in that pilot episode. In the very first few weeks, those of us who could were doubling parts and my other major part was as the Irish Rita Flynn and she had a very different voice." She also said Peggy's voice was "very light and high in those days" while Rita's was "much darker and lower".

In "Journey's End" the Doctor regenerates just enough to heal himself, moving the rest of his 'Time Lord' regenerative energy into his hand that was cut off in the series two episode "The Christmas Invasion". Donna later touches the hand, and the energy that flows into her creates a weird event called a 'biological metacrisis'. This metacrisis causes the hand to develop into a part human, part time lord version of the Doctor, complete with the Doctor's memories, personality and knowledge, but exhibiting traits of Donna's personality. This mixed version of the Doctor also has only one heart, and he can't regenerate. The original Doctor returns Rose to her alternate universe's Bad Wolf Bay. Between themselves, the original Doctor and the half-human Doctor have decided that the half-human Doctor will stay with Rose; this Doctor can give Rose a romantic relationship, as he will age and die as a human rather than greatly outliving her like his Time Lord counterpart would. The Doctor tells Rose that his half-human self needs her as he was "born of blood and fire and revenge" much like his previous body was after the Time War. He believes Rose can help turn him into a "better man". When the half-human Doctor seemingly completes the sentence the original Doctor started at the end of "Doomsday" they kiss each other. And although we do not hear what the half-human Doctor had whispered to Rose, executive producer Julie Gardner confirmed in Doctor Who Confidential that "even though we don't hear it, of course he's saying 'I love you'."

Sunrisers Hyderabad (stylised as SunRisers Hyderabad, SRH) are a franchise cricket team based in Hyderabad, Telangana, India. It plays in the Indian Premier League (IPL). The franchise is owned by Kalanithi Maran of the SUN Group. The team was founded in 2012 after the Hyderabad-based Deccan Chargers were terminated by the IPL. The team is currently captained by Kane Williamson and coached by Trevor Bayliss. Their primary home ground is the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium, Hyderabad, which has capacity of 55,000.
The team made their first IPL appearance in 2013. It is when they reached the playoffs, and finished in fourth place. The Sunrisers won their maiden IPL title in the 2016 season. They defeated the Royal Challengers Bangalore by 8 runs in the final. The team has qualified for the play-off stage of the tournament in every season since 2016. In 2018, the team reached the finals of the Indian Premier League, but lost to Chennai Super Kings. The team is considered one of the best bowling sides, often admired for its ability to defend low totals. David Warner is the leading run scorer for the side, having won the Orange Cap three times, in 2015, 2017, and 2019. Bhuvneshwar Kumar is the leading wicket-taker having won the Purple Cap twice, in 2016 and 2017. 
The COVID-19 pandemic impacted the brand value of the Sunrisers Hyderabad which saw a decline of 4 percent to 57.4 million in 2020 as the overall brand value of the IPL decreased to 4.4 billion, according to Brand Finance.

In 1842, two LDS missionaries were preaching in the Wilton, Connecticut area. One of the missionaries was Charles Wesley Wandell. Ms. James' Presbyterian preacher told her that she could not meet with the missionaries. But she still wanted to listen to them. She wrote, "I went on a Sunday and was fully convinced that it was the true Gospel." James believed what they said. On the next Sunday, she was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. She later met many friends with her new beliefs. James and her family wanted to live near other members of their new faith. So, a year later, James and eight other members of her family moved from Wilton to Nauvoo, Illinois. It was her mother, three brothers, two sisters, and a brother and sister-in-law that moved with her. Wandell helped the group of nine and some other Latter-Day Saints start their journey. But their group had to stay in Buffalo, New York, because they could not pay the ticket price of the train going to Ohio. To get to Ohio, James and her family walked about 800 miles (1287 km). In a book that was written about her life in 1893, James talked about their journey. She said that their shoes broke, their feet hurt and started to bleed. She said, "We walked until our shoes were worn out, and our feet became sore and cracked open and bled until you could see the whole print of our feet with blood on the ground." James and her family were welcomed to Nauvoo by the Prophet Joseph Smith. Over the next year, her family was able to build their own homes. But James lived with Joseph Smith's family in Nauvoo until Smith's death in 1844.

Master Chief is the last super soldier who is able to fight on the Pillar of Autumn. The Pillar of Autumn jumped (teleported) from the planet Reach. Reach was being destroyed, so they escaped. The ship is piloted by Captain Keyes. The ship arrives in front of Halo. Halo is surrounded by many Covenant ships. The Covenant board the Pillar of Autumn to kill the humans. Keyes orders the Master Chief (who is sleeping while frozen) to be awakened. After putting Cortana (an Artificial Intelligence) in his head, the Master Chief escapes in a lifepod with other Marines. He did this on order by Captain Keyes, who knew they could not win. Captain Keyes decides to crash his ship onto Halo, before it is completely destroyed by the Covenant. The Master Chief rescues as many Marines as he can. Cortana discovers Captain Keyes is still alive. Master Chief goes to rescue him from a Covenant Ship. They escape with the Captain and more Marines. They find a map-room to find the control room for Halo. They want to stop the Covenant from using Halo, because it is a weapon. The Master Chief fights through many aliens to the Control Room. He puts Cortana into the data. She discovers something terrible and tells the Master Chief to find Captain Keyes. Captain Keyes went with several Marines to destroy a take or destroy a supply of Covenant Weapons. The Master Chief discovers the Captain was attacked by a different enemy. They are called the Flood. The Flood are a species of parasite, which can infect bodies and turn them into Combat Forms (which are fast zombies that can use weapons). He finds a flying machine that protects Halo. It is named 343 Guilty Spark. It explains that he should turn on Halo's weapons to destroy the Flood. The Flood want to escape Halo and infect other species. The Master Chief must get an Index to do activate Halo. The Master Chief gets the Index (which can activate Halo's weapons).

The movie is about a mermaid princess named Ariel. She and her best friend, a fish named Flounder, explore the ocean looking for human things. They talk to a seagull named Scuttle who explains each thing that they find (but not accurately). Ariel does not like living in the sea and wants to live on land, where people are. One day she sees a ship of people and meets a prince named Eric. She saves his life from drowning. When Ariel's father, King Triton, finds out that she saved a human man from drowning, he destroys all the things she has kept in her grotto. After that, two eels named Flotsam and Jetsam tell her about a seawitch named Ursula. They tell her that Ursula can make her dreams come true. She follows them to Ursula's lair where she has magic potions. She uses her magic to turn Ariel into a human for exactly three days, in exchange for her voice. In order to stay human, she has to kiss Prince Eric, or else she will turn back into a mermaid and belong to Ursula. Eric shows her his palace and helps her adapt. On the second day, Sebastian the crab gathers the other sea animals together and they sing "Kiss the Girl", hoping to make Eric kiss Ariel. The plan almost works, but Flotsam and Jetsam cause the boat to sink. Ursula decides that enough is enough and uses Ariel's voice to turn herself into a beautiful girl named Vanessa. She casts a hypnotic spell on Eric to make him forget about Ariel. The next day, everyone finds out that Eric is getting married, and Ariel is very sad. Scuttle finds out that the girl Eric is marrying is Ursula in disguise. He tells Ariel and manages to create disruption, delaying the wedding. The seashell Ursula is wearing breaks and Ariel's voice comes back. She tries to kiss Eric, but the sun sets and she turns back into a mermaid. Ursula offers to let Ariel go if Triton takes her place. He accepts it and turns into a plant. With help from Sebastian and Flounder, Prince Eric and Ariel defeat Ursula. Ursula dies and all the plants she had turn back into mermaids. Finally King Triton gives Ariel her wish and she is allowed to marry Prince Eric.

São Paulo (Portuguese for "Saint Paul") is the capital of the state of São Paulo, Brazil. It is the biggest city in South America and the Southern Hemisphere and the second biggest city in the Western Hemisphere (after Mexico City).
São Paulo is a major city in Brazil with a population of over 12 million people. It has been criticized for its high cost of living and was ranked one of the world’s ugliest cities according to Forbes in 2013 and Harvard Business Review in 2015. A study by the Instituto Locomotiva found that nearly half of São Paulo's residents would leave the city if they could, due to the high cost of living and other factors. Another study by the United Nations Human Settlements Programme found that São Paulo had the second-highest housing cost in the world, after Hong Kong. The average amount of time lost in traffic by workers in São Paulo is approximately three hours per day. According to the São Paulo City Traffic Performance Index, time lost in traffic is the main reason why people are not satisfied with their quality of life in the city. The CNT (Brazilian National Transportation Company) estimates that on average, a resident of São Paulo loses 374 days of their lifetime in traffic, which is considered one of the worst averages in the world. The city concentrates almost 1/4 of all homeless people in Brazil according to the "Observatório Brasileiro de Políticas Públicas com a População em Situação de Rua, da Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais (Polos-UFMG)", and currently has a serious drug problem epidemic with hundreds of thousands of people addicted to drugs living in the city, including several crack addicted people living on the streets especially in the central region of São Paulo.

In 2018, he studies in art school. The same year, he followed audiovisual internships in various associations, where he carried out some projects in co-production with France 3 Pays de la Loire.</br>
In 2019, he began his career with director Jean-Yves Bilien.. He directs the short film "Happiness" based on the song "Like a Blooming Season" by .</br>
In 2021, he directed the feature-length documentary "La légende de Thierry Mauvignier" about the director Thierry Mauvignier, also distributed on Prime Video. Through this film, he is portrayed as a filmmaker who : "Seems to share with us, nonetheless, a question that he appears to carry finding his more personal voice through a prescribed exercise, one in which he doesn't seem entirely comfortable or in agreement. The result, in any case, reflects this internal conflict, as the film grapples with two conflicting aspirations : the commissioned, marketing-driven objective and the desire of a young filmmaker attempting to bring forth his own unique perspective." .</br>
In 2022, he created the Wooksart Foundation, a charitable audiovisual association bringing together around thirty members which will produce a short documentary film on .</br>
In 2023, he produced the documentary "The Venus Chained" which won the honorable mention at the Student World Impact Film Festival then, he directed the documentary "" with the french lawyer Anne Bouillon whose musical soundtrack composed by Keziah Chamsidini, the son of . He will film a scene at the with the essayist Laurent Kupferman This film will be selected at the Justice Documentary Festival, he's the youngest producer in the selection of the first new edition.</br>

Botvinnik played no formal competitive games after winning the 1948 match tournament until he defended his title. In 1951, he drew with David Bronstein over 24 games in Moscow, +5 =14 -5, keeping the world title. He struggled to draw this match with Bronstein, and had (by his standards) weak tournament results. Botvinnik did not play in the Soviet team that won the 1952 Chess Olympiad in Helsinki: the players voted for the line-up and placed Botvinnik on second board, with Keres on top board; Botvinnik protested and refused to play. Keres' playing record from 1950 to early 1952 had been outstanding.
In 1954, he drew with Vasily Smyslov over 24 games at Moscow, +7 =10 -7, again retaining the title. In 1957, he lost to Smyslov by 9½–12½ in Moscow, but the rules then in force allowed him a rematch without having to go through the Candidates' Tournament, and in 1958 he won the rematch in Moscow; Smyslov said his health was poor during the return match. In 1960, Botvinnik was convincingly beaten 8½-12½ at Moscow by Tal, now 23 years old, but again exercised his right to a rematch in 1961, and won by 13–8 in Moscow. Botvinnik's play was better than in the 1960 match, mainly due to thorough preparation. Botvinnik changed his style in the rematch, avoiding the tactical complications in which Tal excelled and aiming for closed positions and endgames, where Tal's technique was not so outstanding. Also, Tal's health was variable. Finally, in 1963, he lost the title to Tigran Petrosian, by 9½-12½ in Moscow. FIDE had by then changed the rules, and he was not allowed a rematch. The rematch rule had been nicknamed the "Botvinnik rule", because he twice benefited from it.

At the time Thutmose became king, Nubia rebelled against Egyptian rule. Thutmose travelled up the Nile with his army and fought in the battle, personally killing the Nubian king. He returned to Thebes with the Nubian king's body hung from the front of his ship. In the third year of his reign he led another expedition against Nubia. He ordered the canal at the first cataract to be made deeper to make it easier to get his ships upstream. The canal had been first built by Sesostris III of the 12th Dynasty. This helped make Nubia part of the Egyptian empire. This expedition is mentioned in two separate inscriptions by the king's son Thure:
In the second year of Thutmose's reign, a stele at Tombos records that he built a fortress there. This is near the third cataract. Before this the Egyptian army had stopped at Buhen, at the second cataract. This stele says that he already fought in Syria. His Syrian campaign may be placed at the beginning of the second year of his rule. The Syrian campaign was the farthest north any Egyptian ruler had ever campaigned. Although it has not been found in modern times, he set up a stele when he crossed the Euphrates River. During this campaign, the Syrian princes declared loyalty to Thutmose. However, after he went back to Egypt, they stopped tribute and began building defences against future attacks. Thutmose celebrated his victories with an elephant hunt in the area of Niy, near Apamea in Syria. He returned to Egypt with strange tales of the Euphrates, "that inverted water which flows upstream when it ought to be flowing downstream." The Euphrates was the first major river which the Egyptians had seen which flowed from the north. This would be downstream on the Nile, instead of the south which was upstream on the Nile. The river became known in Egypt as the "inverted water."

The late historian Paul Murray Kendall, on the other hand, maintained that Margaret's allies Edmund Beaufort (Somerset) and William de la Pole, then Earl of Suffolk, had no difficulty in persuading her that York, until then one of Henry VI's most trusted advisers, was responsible for her unpopularity and already too powerful to be trusted. Margaret not only convinced Henry to recall York from his post as governor in France and banish him instead to Ireland, she attempted to have him assassinated during his travels to and from Ireland, once in 1449 and again in 1450. Edmund Beaufort (Somerset) and Suffolk's joint responsibility for the secret surrender of Maine in 1448, and then the subsequent disastrous loss of the rest of Normandy in 1449 embroiled Margaret and Henry's court in riots, uprisings by the magnates, and calls for the impeachment and execution of Margaret's two strongest allies. It also might have made an ultimate battle to the death between Margaret and the House of York inevitable by making manifest Richard's dangerous popularity with the Commons. Richard of York, safely returned from Ireland in 1450, confronted Henry and was readmitted as a trusted advisor. Soon thereafter, Henry agreed to convene Parliament to address the calls for reform. When Parliament met, the demands could not have been less acceptable to Margaret: not only were both Edmund Beaufort (Somerset) and Suffolk impeached for criminal mismanagement of French affairs and subverting justice, but it was charged as a crime against Suffolk (now a duke) that he had antagonised the king against the Duke of York. Further, the demands for reform put forward included that the Duke of York be acknowledged as the first councillor to the king, and the Speaker of Commons, perhaps with more fervour than wisdom, even proposed Richard, Duke of York, be recognised as heir to the throne. Within a few months, however, Margaret had regained control of Henry, Parliament was dissolved, the incautious Speaker thrown in prison, and Richard of York retired to Wales for the time being.

The 18th century British colonists in the Mughal-Muslim Indian subcontinent, were repulsed by the sight of Hijras (transgenders) and baffled over why they were accorded so much respect in royal courts and other spheres of life. After deposing the Mughals, and in discharging the white man’s burden of civilising the inferior races, the British colonists enacted the so-called Criminal Tribes Act, 1871 to declare what they called Eunuchs (transgenders) a criminal tribe on the theory that certain tribes were genetically criminal and must be placed under surveillance. By invoking the power of criminal law the British colonists attacked the dignity of transgender community and eventually forcing them to adopt begging, and prostitution. Transgenders lost their royal status and gradually were excluded from all respectable social circles. In order to survive, some transgenders took to dancing performances at the birth of a new child in the community, collecting Wadhais (tips). Some developed the art of clapping and dancing. Some developed the art of lampooning and were invited to the wedding feasts of the well-to-do to make fun of the groom, the guests, and even the politicians. They played the same role of amusing private gatherings as do late-night TV comedians in the United States. After formal dissolution of the British Empire the Criminal Tribes Act was repealed with respect to transgenders. However, the damage done to transgenders was irreparable. A pejorative word Khusra is in active currency to denigrate the personality of transgenders. Friends might tease a feminine-looking friend as a Khusra. An incompetent politician is called a Khusra. In both modern India and Pakistan, the word Khusra is associated with impotence, incompetence, and powerlessness. In Pakistan, the people have forgotten the spiritual role that the transgenders played in Islam. Transgenders are ridiculed and insulted. Popular TV shows, such as Khabarnaak and Khabardaar, make cruel jokes against transgender community. One of these shows is headed by a lawyer licensed to practice before the high courts of Pakistan.

The crow characters in the movie are often seen as African-American stereotypes.
The leader crow voiced by Cliff Edwards was originally named "Jim Crow" for script purposes. The other crows are all voiced by African-American actors and singers, all members of the Hall Johnson Choir: Nick Stewart, James Baskett, Jim Carmichael and Hall Johnson. The late famous duo of African-American dancers Freddie and Eugene Jackson were invited and hired by Disney to work as live-action reference and models for the animators of the characters, like the chief-animator and Disney Legend Ward Kimball, improvising dances and movements then used in the iconic musical sequence "When I See An Elephant Fly". Despite suggestions of racism by writers like Richard Schickel, many historians, critics, writers, pundits and personalities such as John Grant, Leonard Maltin, John Canemaker, Floyd Norman, Eric Goldberg, Alex Wainer, Michael Wilmington, Whoopi Goldberg and Neal Gabler reject these claims. For instance, the crows are noted as forming the majority of the characters in the movie who are empathetic and sympathetic to Dumbo's plight (the others are Timothy Q. Mouse and Mrs Jumbo), they are free spirits who serve nobody, and intelligent characters aware of the power of self-confidence and of what means being ostracized and marginalized, unlike the Stepin Fetchit stereotype common at that time and in the previous decade. Furthermore, their song "When I See An Elephant Fly" is more orientated to mocking Timothy Mouse than Dumbo's large ears.

William's northern army was wiped out and York was in ruins. At the same time smaller rebellions were breaking out in Wales and southwest England. William knew he was in trouble. He began by calling in all his commanders and troops to combine his forces. The king knew that with a smaller army he had to deal with one group of rebels at a time. He sent William FitzOsbern and Brian of Brittany to deal with Exeter. William himself fought an army moving in from the east. In both cases the Norman armies were victorious. He now moved on the northern armies that had destroyed York. But he was unable to get any farther north than Pontefract. After trying for several weeks William bribed the Danish Fleet to withdraw from York for the winter. They agreed and returned to the mouth of the Humber to winter there. William was now able to move up to York. He rebuilt the castles there. He then had his forces spread out and destroy everything useful for the English and Danish army to feed itself. The result was widespread famine and the people of the area either left or starved to death. This was William's infamous harrying of the North. The result of all this was the surrender of his English Earls and most of the rebels in England. The few remaining groups were quickly crushed by William's army. But one group proved more stubborn. This was at Chester and after a forced march during Winter, William surprised them before they were ready. After their surrender he built two more castles there then returned to Winchester.

The words of Ohata's citation explain:
Sergeant Allan M. Ohata distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 29 and November 30, 1943, near Cerasuolo, Italy. Sergeant Ohata, his squad leader, and three men were ordered to protect his platoons left flank against an attacking enemy force of 40 men, armed with machine guns, machine pistols, and rifles. He posted one of his men, an automatic rifleman, on the extreme left, 15 yards from his own position. Taking his position, Sergeant Ohata delivered effective fire against the advancing enemy. The man to his left called for assistance when his automatic rifle was shot and damaged. With utter disregard for his personal safety, Sergeant Ohata left his position and advanced 15 yards through heavy machine gun fire. Reaching his comrades position, he immediately fired upon the enemy, killing 10 enemy soldiers and successfully covering his comrades withdrawal to replace his damaged weapon. Sergeant Ohata and the automatic rifleman held their position and killed 37 enemy soldiers. Both men then charged the three remaining soldiers and captured them. Later, Sergeant Ohata and the automatic rifleman stopped another attacking force of 14, killing four and wounding three while the others fled. The following day he and the automatic rifleman held their flank with grim determination and staved off all attacks. Staff Sergeant Ohatas extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

Near the 1920s, Skłodowska-Curie and many of her colleagues began to suffer from symptoms of cancer. Skłodowska-Curie began to lose her sight. Cataract surgeries to try to bring back her sight did not help. Skłodowska-Curie knew that the element (radium) she discovered might have been causing the symptoms, but she did not want to admit it to herself or others. In the early 1930s, Skłodowska-Curie’s health started to quickly get worse. Doctors diagnosed her with pernicious anemia. Pernicious anemia is a blood anemia that happens when someone is overly exposed to radiation. The doctors didn’t tell the public or Skłodowska-Curie herself what was going on. On July 4, 1934, at 66 years old, she died in a Sanitorium at the French Alps. She was then buried next to her husband in Sceaux, France. Maria Skłodowska-Curie was a physicist and chemist best known for her work on radioactivity; however, she also discovered the elements polonium and radium. She was awarded two Nobel Prizes — one in physics which she won jointly with her husband and Henri Becquerel, and another in chemistry — and was the first person to win two Nobel Prizes. She is still one of only four people (along with Linus Pauling, John Bardeen and Frederick Sanger) to accomplish that feat. Skłodowska-Curie is responsible for establishing the theory of radioactivity, but unfortunately she unwittingly also discovered the fatal effect radioactivity can have on your health; she died on July 4, 1934, of aplastic anemia caused by radiation exposure.

The player wins by increasing their net worth to at least the target amount (usually determined by the game, if on Custom mode though, this can range between 6,000 and 999,000 in increments of 1,000) and returning to the bank first (in the Practice Boards, the target net worth for Easy Rules and Standard Rules are 5,000 G and 8,000 G respectively). Net worth is the total combined amount of ready cash and value in stocks and shops and can be increased by having other players land on their shops and buying multiple shops in an area or investing in stocks and owned shops to increase the stock price. If the player runs out of ready cash at any point, they must sell either stocks or a shop to try and get out of debt; any shops sold for cash are auctioned (the winning bid gets paid to the bank). Note that the bank only offers 75% of the shop price to a player if they are in debt. Also, if a player auctions a shop from "Manage Shops" or gets Venture Card #74, the highest bid is credited to the original owner. If the player's net worth goes below zero, then they go bankrupt; all their assets are sold off if any remain and they are automatically eliminated from the game. The player with the highest net worth automatically wins if the bankruptcy limit is met (although in a very rare case should two or more players have the same highest net worth, the player that goes later in the turn order wins). In Tour mode, the game ends once one player goes bankrupt, in Custom mode, this can be set to when two players go bankrupt or to have a last-man-standing rule.

After Miguel’s coma ends, Johnny helps him learn to walk again. Sensei John Kreese breaks into Daniel LaRusso’s car company and puts a living snake in a car Daniel was trying to sell. Kreese’s students at Cobra Kai also attack a nerdy Miyagi-Do student named Demetri and breaks his arm. Daniel’s wife Amanda goes to the Cobra Kai dojo to talk to Kreese and he says that he believes that his students should have no mercy on the enemy. So Amanda slaps Kreese in the face. So Kreese goes to the police and gets a Restraining Order against her. Miguel convinced Johnny Lawrence to start his own dojo called Eagle Fang to teach people karate with honour. Daniel goes back to Japan and meets with Chozen from The Karate Kid Part II who teaches him how to kill an enemy. Johnny’s son Robbie decides that he hates his father enough to join Cobra Kai and joins Cobra Kai. Daniel and Johnny fight Kreese and Daniel almost kills Kreese. Then Kreese tells Jonny and Daniel that he’ll close his dojo Cobra Kai if either Miyagi-Do or Eagle Fang wins the next karate tournament. Daniel and Johnny then decide to work together so that can happen. John Kreese also remembers his origin story about how when he was young his mother killed herself and he got bullied so he learned to fight, fell in love and joined the army. He then went to Vietnam where he learned Tangsudo from his Captain and met Terry Silver. One of their friends got killed and then Kreese, Silver and the Captain were captured. The Viet Cong decided to have the Captain and Silver fight over a pit of snakes but Kreese said to fight him instead. The Captain told Kreese that Kreese’s girlfriend was dead. The American army came so the Viet Cong ran away and Kreese still pushed the Captain into the pit so the snakes could kill him and lied that the Viet Cong had done that. Kreese then became the new Captain.

The Daleks returned in the 2008 series' two-part finale, "The Stolen Earth"/"Journey's End", accompanied once again by their creator Davros (now played by Julian Bleach). It is revealed that Dalek Caan had forced himself back into the Time War, even though it was "time-locked" or prevented from entering by any means (the effort rendered him insane), where he rescued Davros; Davros then created a new army of Daleks from his own flesh. The new Dalek army was led by a Supreme Dalek, who kept Davros imprisoned in a "Vault"; Davros said that he and the Supreme Dalek had reached "an arrangement". Davros and the Daleks planned to destroy all creation with a 'reality bomb', which failed due to the interference of the Doctor and his companions, and due to Caan himself who had been manipulating the events unknown to either side. Though the Daleks were destroyed, the fate of Davros and Dalek Caan is unknown. 3 Daleks from this episode came back in Series 5 (Victory of the Daleks). They created 5 new, different colored daleks. These new Daleks escaped into space. Later, they showed up in "The Pandorica Opens" and trapped the Doctor in the Pandorica, the ultimate prison. After they were erased from time by the cracks, a stone Dalek showed up, which was an echo of the Dalek race. It was brought alive by the Pandorica light, which could restore things which had been erased by the cracks. It was later shot in the eye by River Song. Their race, along with the rest of the universe, was brought back by the Doctor.

The last of Lee's infantry was crossing the river by early afternoon on September 19. Lee then sent General J.E.B. Stuart's cavalry to a second crossing near Williamsport, Maryland. Just as the last of the Confederates were wading ashore, Union General Alfred Pleasonton arrived with a scouting force of Union cavalrymen. He had orders from Major general George B. McClellan not to follow the retreating rebels into Virginia "unless you see a splendid opportunity to inflict great damage upon the enemy without loss to yourself." Seeing the Confederates on the South side covered by artillery on the bluffs above, he did not immediately cross the river. Instead he set up 70 cannons on the north side of the Potomac. He then ordered the cannons to open fire on the Confederates. The Confederate artillery returned fire as best they could. That same morning Union general Fitz John Porter's V Corps had arrived. He had orders from McClellan to support Pleasonton and attack the Confederates as they retreated. As night approached, Porter's 500 or so Union soldiers began crossing the Potomac. The Union troops attacked Lee's rearguard and proceeded to capture several of Pendleton's cannon. With his artillery overpowered Pendleton panicked and left his post as commander of the Confederate forces to look for reinforcements. Shortly after midnight Pendleton found Lee. He told his commander he had lost all of his cannon and Federal troops were on the South shore. In fact, the Union forces had only captured five of his cannons. In his absence, the Confederate artillerymen had moved the remaining cannon back to safety.

Rajinikanth continued to act in Bollywood, often playing supporting roles in films such as "Hum", "Khoon Ka Karz", and "Phool Bane Angaray" (all in 1991). Mani Ratnam's Tamil film "Thalapathi" (1991), based on the Indian epic "Mahabharata", earned him critical acclaim. Suresh Krissna's "Annamalai" (1992), P. Vasu's "Mannan" (1992) and "Uzhaippali" (1993) are among his box-office successes in Tamil. He made his debut as a screenwriter with "Valli" (1993), a commercial failure. The Suresh Krissna-directed "Baashha", in which he played a crime boss, was a major commercial success in his career and earned him a "demigod" status in Tamil Nadu. Later that year he acted in K. S. Ravikumar's "Muthu", which was dubbed into Japanese. In Japan, the film grossed a record US$1.6 million in 1998 and was largely instrumental in creating a fan-base for Rajinikanth in the country. "Padayappa" (1999), his second collaboration with Ravikumar, went on to become the highest-grossing Tamil film to that point. In 2002 Rajinikanth produced, wrote and starred in the fantasy thriller "Baba", which fell short of market expectations and incurred heavy losses for its distributors. After a three-year sabbatical, he returned to acting with the comedy horror film "Chandramukhi" (2005); it went on to become the highest-grossing Tamil film to that point, and its theatrical run lasted 126 weeks at a theatre in Chennai. Rajinikanth was paid 260 million for his role in S. Shankar's "Sivaji" (2007), which made him the second-highest paid actor in Asia after Jackie Chan. He played dual roles, as a scientist and an andro-humanoid robot, in the science fiction film "Enthiran" (2010). It was India's most expensive production at the time of its release, and is among the highest-grossing Indian films of all time. He played triple roles in the 2014 animated film "Kochadaiiyaan", the first in India to be shot with motion capture technology; it was a commercial failure. Two years later, Rajinikanth played a Malaysian Tamil crime boss in Pa. Ranjith's "Kabali", which had the biggest weekend opening for an Indian film.

On August 15, Tropical Depression Three formed and quickly strengthened into Tropical Storm Bill. On August 17 Tropical Storm Bill became Hurricane Bill. On August 18 Hurricane Bill became a major hurricane (Category 3+). Hurricane Bill quickly strengthened into a category 4 hurricane on August 19, but weakened back on to a category 3 on August 20. Hurricane Bill weakened to a category 2 on August 21, it again weakened the next day to a category 1 hurricane. As a category one hurricane Bill came close to a landfall in Nova Scotia. Near midnight (Eastern Time Zone) on August 23, Bill made landfall in Newfoundland and became extratropical the next day. The remains affected United Kingdom.
Tropical Storm Claudette formed in the Gulf of Mexico as Tropical Depression Four early on August 16. At 12:15 p.m. EDT the same day, it strengthened into Tropical Storm Claudette. Early the next morning Claudette struck Santa Rosa Island, Florida. Tropical Storm Claudette weakened and dissipated on August 18.
Tropical Storm Danny formed north of Puerto Rico on August 26. Danny top winds were at 60 mph. Danny did not become a hurricane. Danny instead, moved toward North Carolina as a weak tropical storm. On August 29 Danny weaken into a depression and lost it clouds to an extratropical storm. Danny did not reach North Carolina before losing its cloud. Danny killed a boy in North Carolina due to rip currents.
Tropical Storm Erika formed on September 1 as Tropical Storm Erika, meaning it was never a tropical depression. Tropical Storm Erika moved mostly west for most of the lifespan of it. On September 2 Tropical Storm Erika made landfall in Guadeloupe. Tropical Storm Erika weaken to a tropical depression and a remnant low on September 3. The remnant low caused some rain to some of the northern islands of the Caribbean Sea.

Cushitic populations have existed at the cross-roads of Africa and Eurasia since the Stone Age, with the Nile acting as a corridor between sub-Saharan Africa and Levant and North Africa thus Cushitic populations have multiple origins, like most other populations, that have become idiosyncratic of Cushitic populations. Cushitic populations tend to combine in their ancestries both, genetic components indigenous to East Africa, and non-African components of West Asian origin. According to an autosomal DNA study by Hodgson et al. (2014), the Afro-Asiatic languages were likely spread across Africa and the Near East by an ancestral population(s) carrying a newly identified non-African genetic component, which the researchers dub the “Ethio-Somali” or “Semitic-Cushitic” in another study. This Ethio-Somali component is today most common among Cushitic and Ethiosemitic populations in the Horn of Africa and reaches a frequency peak among ethnic Somalis, representing the majority of their ancestry. The Ethio-Somali component is most closely related to the Maghrebi non-African genetic component, and is believed to have diverged from all other non-African ancestries at least 23,000 years ago. On this basis, the researchers suggest that the original Ethio-Somali carrying population(s) probably arrived in the pre-agricultural period from the Near East, having crossed over into northeastern Africa via the Sinai Peninsula. The population then likely split into two branches, with one group heading westward toward the Maghreb and the other moving south into the Horn. Ancient DNA analysis indicates that this foundational ancestry in the Horn region is akin to that of the Neolithic farmers of the southern Levant.

Cook's men were confronted on the beach by an elderly kahuna who approached them holding a coconut and chanting. They yelled at the priest to go away, but he kept approaching them while singing the "mele". When Cook and his men looked away from the old kahuna, they saw that the beach was now filled with thousands of Native Hawaiians. Cook told Kalaniʻōpuʻu to get up but the ruler refused. As the townspeople began to gather around them, Cook and his men began to back away from the hostile crowd and raise their guns. The two chiefs and Kānekapōlei shielded the aliʻi nui as Cook tried to get him to his feet. Some of the crowd called up Cook was going to take their chief;one man advanced toward Cook but was stopped by a marine bayonet. Cook saw the danger of the crowd attacking him; the man who had advanced toward him claimed that his brother had just been killed by the ship's guns and he would be avenged. Cook fired twice at the man; first with a blank and then with ball striking his assailant in the groin. Cook saw that his designs were opposed, and that he could not succeed without bloodshed, ordered Lt Phillips to withdraw the marines and get into the boats. Cook was then hit on the head with a stone and shot and killed the man who had thrown it. The officer in the boats gave an order to fire. Cook and Philips in the rear of the guard perceiving the general fire without orders and ran to the shore to put a stop to it. Unable to make themselves heard they joined the guard who fired as they retreated. Cook reached the margin of the water between the fire of the boats and waved with his hat for them to cease firing and to come in.

In spring of 1954, in New York City, just before his passing Pascal had planned a trip to India to see Meher Baba one last time. He was having an affair and divorcing his wife at the time. One day he impulsively wrote on a piece of hotel stationery to his mistress, "If I die on my trip to India I leave my entire estate to you." He signed and dated it before two witnesses, a cook and a maid in the hotel who did not speak English but only Chinese. This was an absurd gesture since Pascal was totally in debt. He died within a short time of this letter in July 1954, and within two years of his death the musical "My Fair Lady", which Pascal had managed to retain an option on by borrowing money from a Baba follower named Margaret Scott, opened on Broadway. Thus, soon after his death, his estate, which had been worth nothing on his deathbed, grew to an estimated value of two million dollars. There was a large court battle in which his wife Valerie (who he was not fully divorced from at the time of his death) and the mistress fought over his estate. His odd last will and testament on the hotel stationery was entered as evidence in support of his mistress and the case was well-publicized. Several Meher Baba followers were involved in his life at the end including Harold Rudd who testified at his trial. The result of the trial was an even split of Pascal's royalties from "My Fair Lady" between the mistress and Pascal's estranged wife, each receiving well over one million dollars in settlement. His wife Valerie attempted to pay back the borrowed option money to Margaret Scott, but by the time the settlement came through Mrs. Scott had fallen from a New York apartment window to her death. Valerie therefore paid the money to Margaret's daughter instead.

According to review aggregator Metacritic, the album has an average critic review score of 67/100 based on four reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Aja Romano of "Vox" called the album Eminem's best in years, citing a return to the rapper's old school sound after deviating with "Revival". Ed Power of "The Daily Telegraph" also compared this album to "Revival", calling "Kamikaze" a "a high-kicking, low-punching riposte", indicating it is a better release. In "NME", Dan Stubbs gave the album three out of five stars, saying that Eminem is out of step with trends in hip hop by writing, "there's a sense Eminem struggles with the modern world" but stating that "there are plenty of moments... that remind us of Em's greatness". "The Guardian"s Alexis Patridis also gave the album three out of five stars and commented on Eminem's generational difference with current hip hop stars, summing up, "...if you're going to listen to a middle-aged man complain that hip-hop isn't as good as it used to be, that it might as well be Eminem." "The Line of Best Fit"s William Rosebury gave the album 7 of 10 stars and commented that "..."Kamikaze" is the sound of Eminem with his back against the wall, and this has led to some of his most invigorated writing in years—albeit with some troubling lyrical results. Whether he'll be able to maintain this level of energy into his next project is up for debate; for now though, any inspiration is promising. Similarly, A. D. Amorosi of "Variety" sees the album as similar to Eminem's earlier work, stating, "[his] voice hasn't sounded quite so cranky, silly, impassioned or enraged since his early days". In "The Atlantic", Spencer Kornhaber addresses both comparisons with "Revival" and current hip hop stars on "Kamikaze" stating, "Really, though, Eminem is waging a war over aesthetics, and "Kamikaze" is a better listen than "Revival" because its concision confirms Eminem's value as an entertainer... Certainly it's refreshing that in a genre especially obsessed with statements of dominance, Eminem doesn't disguise his feelings of irrelevance. He does, however, try to claim his influence."

The palace was originally built in 1612 by Marie de' Medici on lands she owned. The design was based on buildings from her native Florence. The building is often compared to the far larger Palazzo Pitti where Queen Marie was born in 1575. In 1642, Marie left the Luxembourg to her second and favourite son, Gaston, Duke of Orléans. He called it the "Palais d'Orléans" but it was still known by its original name. Upon Gaston's death, the palace passed to his widow, Marguerite of Lorraine. Then it passed to his elder daughter by his first marriage, La Grande Mademoiselle. In 1660, Anne de Montpensier sold the Luxembourg to her younger half-sister, Élisabeth Marguerite d'Orléans, Duchess of Guise. The Duchess, in turn, gave it to her cousin, king Louis XIV, in 1694. In 1717 Philippe, Duke of Orléans, Regent of France gave the palace to his favourite daughter the Duchess of Berry. The building became infamous for the duchess's parties and sexual activities. She also hosted Peter the great there in 1717. The pregnancies of the young widow make scandal. At the end of March 1719, a new confinement badly prepared by her excesses, goes very badly. On the verge of death, she begs for extreme unction, which the church refuses her. On April 2, she is delivered of a stillborn child. Disgraced by the rumors of this birth, which all Paris talks about, the princess does not recover and dies in July at the castle of La Muette. At the autopsy, the doctors find her pregnant once again.
Sometime after the French Revolution it became a prison. During World War II it was a headquarters for the Luftwaffe.

In 1765, her older brother died of consumption at Fontainebleau at the age of 36. Victoire, like all of her sisters, mourned their brother greatly. As a result of his death, the future Louis XVI became the heir to the throne and the family was pushed closer together. Three years later, 1768, Versailles was again mourning, this time for the death of Queen Marie. The sadness within the royal family was worsened by the kings new passion for "Madame du Barry". The princesses redused to acknowledge the Barry and this caused friction within the court. However, at the death of Louis XV in 1774, Madame du Barry was exiled and Louis XVI came to the throne. Victoire and her sister Marie Adélaïde were close to the young king but did not like his wife "Marie Antoinette" purely because she was Austrian. 
Louis XV having died, Victoire and her sisters had to move out of their apartments and soon took up residence at the "Château de Bellevue" outside the capital. Victoire lived their with Marie Adélaïde and their younger sister Sophie and they redecorated the building to suit their tastes. Having no power at Versailles, the sisters began touring France at great expense which caused havoc for France's already bad finances. When Versailles was stormed, the sisters were at Bellevue and thus were not placed under house arrest. They quickly fled France and went to stay with their niece Marie Clotilde of France, (Turin) who was the wife of Charles Emmanuel IV of Sardinia. They then traveled to Rome in 1791 and soon ended up in Naples in 1796, home of Marie Antoinette's sister, the Queen of Naples. Moving to Corfu in 1799 followed by Trieste where Victoire eventually died of breast cancer. Marie Adélaïde died the following year in Rome. The two sisters were bought back to France during the reign of their nephew Louis XVIII and buried at the Basilica of Saint Denis.

Beginning in 1881, European Jews began to move to Palestine in large numbers. These new immigrants mainly settled in the region under the banner of Jewish nationalism, known as Zionism. The goal of this nationalist movement was the creation of a Jewish state. Although at first friendly, relations between Arabs in Palestine and Jews from Europe became more bitter as the number of Jews moving grew. 
During World War One, Arabs and Jews were under the rule of the Ottoman Empire. To weaken it Britain and France, began to offer land to peoples in sections of the Empire for launching resistance to the Ottomans. This included offering Palestine to various Arab leaders (including the Husayn family of Saudi Arabia). At the same time, the British offered control of Palestine to a Jewish state that didn't yet exist. Although this action led to nothing, it encouraged greater movement of Jews to Palestine as well as a fear of losing regional control for the Palestinians. In 1936, responding to the growing Jewish population, Palestinian Arabs led an armed revolt against the British and Jews in Palestine. The revolt, led by the mufti and head of the Arab Higher Committee Hajj Amin al-Husayni, was the first large-scale expression of Palestinian nationalism. This situation, two cultures competing against each other for Palestine, continued throughout World War Two. At the end of that conflict, the British Mandate in Palestine was near ending and the peoples of the region wanted a solution to the issue.

Ziaur Rahman Azmi in his book ""Dirasat fil Yahudiyat wal Masihiyat Wal Adianil Hind"" (دراست في اليوديه والمسيحيه واديان الحند, Studies on Judaism, Christianity and Indian Religions) stated that, although most of the mainstream Muslim scholars do not regard Hindu scriptures as divine scriptures revealed from God rather than man-made Aryan literature, there may be three reasons behind the "possible" inclusion of Islamic prophecies in Hinduism. First one is, the period of the Indo-Aryan Migration was during the time of Prophet Abraham, during which another prophet may have come to India, under whose direction these prophecies are included. Or what many Hindus say, Rigveda is copied from Torah. Another view is that, according to Sultan Mubin, professor of Sanskrit at Shibli National College, Azamgarh, they are fabrications and later Hindu additions, incorporated by Hindus to please Muslim rulers, such as the Kalki Purana and the Bhavishya Purana, which contain many prophecies on Islamic matters. Azmi argues in support of this view that most of the Hindu scriptures were translated into Arabic in Bayt Al-Hiqmah during the reign of the Caliph Mamun bin al-Rashid, but even then, no author of that time mentioned anything of these prophecies in any of these books. For example, India by al-Biruni ("Tahqeeq ma lilhind min qaqulat mayqulat fi aliakal au marjula", رحقب ما للهند من مقولة مقولة في العقل او مرذولة) and the Arabic translations of two other Hindu scriptures. Regarding the translations, none of which said anything about these prophecies. Azmi himself supported the third view. Azmi Also said that, some Hindus including the founder of Arya Samaj Dayananda Saraswati and his followers also consider these to be fabrications. Besides, regarding the author of the book, Ved Prakash Upadhyay, Azmi said that although he claimed the verification of these prophecies in this book, he himself did not convert to Islam.

An area of disturbed weather, related to Tropical Depression Eight, moved across the northwest Caribbean Sea and the Yucatán Peninsula. A tropical wave moved into the area, causing an increase in showers and cloudiness. The wave became Tropical Depression Ten on September 29 about 150 miles off the coast of Cuba. The system became better-organized and when the depression moved into the Gulf of Mexico, it was absorbed by a non-tropical system on 30th. Tropical Depression Ten caused $5 million in damage (1994 USD).
Florence, at first formed as a subtropical depression in the central Atlantic on November 2. As it northwest, it took on tropical characteristics and was upgraded to Tropical Storm Florence on the 4th. It reached hurricane strength, then turned to the northeast and on November 6, as it was picked up by a strong trough. Two days later Florence was absorbed by the same trough that made it turn northeast. There was no reported damage.
Hurricane Gordon was a very deadly and damaging tropical storm for the Caribbean, Florida and parts of North Carolina. The storm was very slow moving on its path over the Caribbean. This storm killed over 1100 people (estimates range between 500 and 2300 people dead through Haiti and the central Caribbean islands, including Jamaica and Cuba). The storm's strange motion was making Hurricane Gordon hard to forecast where it would actually go and where it would reach land. Damage was guessed to be at $400 million (1994 US dollars).
Around Christmas in 1994 a nor'easter may have had tropical characteristics, though it was not called a tropical system. It affected the Mid-Atlantic and New England causing damage at $21 million.

The main characters in the series are Lucky, Cadpig, Rolly, and Spot. Lucky is the most adventurous of the 99 puppies and is unique in having his only spots in the shape of a horseshoe on his back. Cadpig is another runt of the litter and the smallest of the 99 puppies but quite possibly the most intelligent, if not deluded. She is unique in having long floppy ears, a big head, a kind personality, and she's also quite strong for her size. Rolly is the very hungry one. Almost all his decisions are based on food and this, at times, gets him and the pups into trouble. He is, however, a loyal and helpful sibling, especially when it comes to his incredible sense of smell. Spot is a chicken who wants to become a Dalmatian. She is a voice of reason for the foursome but, more often than not, is ignored. She is easily frightened and is prone to literally bouncing off the walls. She is, however, a good dancer (which has to count for something, according to her) and appears to be good at math. She is also able to fly. Patch appears in the series in his look from the Dodie Smith novel; he appears to be more laid-back unlike . Dipstick retains a bit of his movie look; he is portrayed as dimwitted but loyal. Wizzer changed quite a bit from his movie look, being smaller and with white ears and a red collar. He follows Mooch's orders without question and is still prone to having accidents as in the live-action movie. Two-Tone changed quite a bit from her movie appearance, now having two black ears, a gold hoop earring in her right ear, a chubby body, a blue collar instead of pink, and a lower black body with white spots. She was Mooch's girlfriend and second in command of his gang until she dated Lucky in "Love 'Em and Flea 'Em." Since then, Two-Tone has gone off on her own.

The Boxer Movement or Boxer Rebellion, which occurred in China from November 1899 to September 7, 1901, was an uprising by members of the Chinese Society of Right and Harmonious Fists against foreign influence in areas such as trade, politics, religion and technology that occurred in China during the final years of the Manchu rule (Qing Dynasty). The members of the Society of Right and Harmonious Fists were simply called "boxers" by the Westerners due to the martial arts and calisthenics they practiced. The uprising began as an anti-foreign, anti-imperialist peasant-based movement in northern China. They attacked foreigners who were building railroads and violating Feng shui, as well as Christians, who were held responsible for the foreign domination of China. In June 1900, the Boxers invaded Beijing and killed 230 non-Chinese. Tens of thousands of Chinese Christians, Catholic and Protestant alike, were killed mostly in Shandong and Shanxi Provinces as part of the uprising. The government of Empress Dowager Cixi was not helpful, and diplomats, foreign civilians, soldiers and some Chinese Christians retreated to the legation quarter where they held out for fifty-five days until a multinational coalition rushed 20,000 troops to their rescue. The Chinese government was forced to indemnify the victims and make many additional concessions. Subsequent reforms implemented after the crisis of 1900 laid the foundation for the end of the Qing Dynasty and the establishment of the modern Chinese Republic.

The narrow coastal plain rises very rapidly into several mountain ranges. The coastline is 1,000 km, 750 km of this is in Pakistan. The climate is very dry with very little rainfall. 
According to the book Documents on the Persian Gulf's name " and ENCYCLOPEDIA Iranika Makran also Mekran and Mokrān historically in persian and Arabic text was a vast area from Hormuz strait to the Sind River some mentioned as far as Gujarat region, also the body of water in that region was called Macran Sea. The name Makrān has found a popular etymology in māhi-ḵᵛorān “fish eaters,” but more probable is a connection with the name Magan, or Maka of the Old Persian. Until the early Islamic period, eastern Makrān at least must have been within the sphere of Indian religion and culture. On his way homewards from the Far East in 1290, Marco Polo (II, pp. 334-35) sailed along the Makrān coast, calling it KisMacoran (i.e. Tiz Makrān), considering it as the last province of India and attributing to it a ruler of its own. In the early 14th century, Ebn Baṭṭuṭa (II, pp. 341-2) records that, after the death of the Il-Khanid sultan (i.e. after 736/1335), a certain Malek Dinār took power in Makrān. It was during these centuries that Makrān was colonized by Baluch nomads moving southeastwards from Persia, so that it is today mostly Baluch-speaking. The boundary between Persian Makrān and that part coming within the British Indian province of Baluchistan (the easternmost part forming the Native State of Las Bela) and after 1947 within Pakistan, was demarcated by an Anglo-Persian Boundary Commission in 1870-72.

The video starts off with Taylor seen without his mask and dressed in casual clothes carrying a shovel and smoking a cigarette. He walks from an urbanized area (in the extended version, he is seen walking through a park, before approaching a car and smashing its headlights) in to a more rural area in the fields and begin to dig at the ground. He then seemingly falls through the ground and into a room below dressed in his Slipknot mask and cover-alls. The first room, which is a dark room with faint red lighting shows turntablist Sid Wilson who is seen barefoot, climbing all over the walls and is covered in dust and cobwebs. Taylor opens the drapes to attempt to look out of the window but can only see dirt. Wilson is then seen physically trying to stop Taylor from leaving the room by grabbing his pant leg. However, Taylor eventually leaves the room and enters a second which is occupied by drummer Joey Jordison, with tree branches instead of fingers and a crown of thorns on his head. The room features many photographs of Jordison on the walls and he is sitting in a chair surrounded by several females. Taylor walks around the scene looking at them without interacting with Jordison or the females, there is a moment in which Jordison is looking in a mirror and Taylor suddenly appears. Taylor then leaves the room and enters a third which is occupied by sampler Craig Jones who is standing straight upright and does not move throughout the scene. When Taylor enters the room the video is solarized and remains so throughout the time Taylor's in there. Taylor walks around Jones and inspects his mask and is seen touching the nails protruding from it. Jones then lights a smoke flare, which blinds Taylor, and is seen holding it in his right hand, but he [Taylor] finds the door then leaves the room and enters a fourth which is occupied by bassist Paul Gray.

Luigi Tagliaferri, known as Luigi di Pagnona, was born in Pagnona in Valsassina, but grew up in Mandello, descendant of a family of artists specialized in frescoes.
The first artist of the Tagliaferri dynasty was Giambattista Tagliaferri, author of a leather frontal for the church of Pagnona (1752), according to a then widespread taste. Luigi Tagliaferri is the son of Giovanni Maria Tagliaferri (1809-1879) who was for a long time in Venice as an engraver in the art of iron and then in Milan where, as an engraver, he invented a particular decoration technique on marble, of which some essays remain Margno and in Vendrogno. Giovanni Maria Tagliaferri in Milan also became a painter and created the paintings for the chapel of San Rocco in Premana, with a cycle on the plague (the frescoes in the parish church of San Dionigi have however been lost) and he painted the frescoes on the facades of churches such as San Martino of Indovero (1841), the church of Vimogno (1853) or the church of Barcone (1870). His works can be found both in the villages of the valley (Premana, Taceno, Casargo, Indovero and Pasturo) and beyond the lake and in Lecco. The painter was also a teacher in Pagnona and taught the art to his son Luigi Tagliaferri, who moved to Lecco and finally to Mandello.
Luigi Tagliaferri's works are numerous and he worked in Valsassina, in Lecco, in the villages of the lake and also beyond the lake and also in the Milan area. Luigi works with other artists of the family such as the brothers Achille and Basilio and his nephew Giovanni. The activity of the group continued until the 1940s, so that the Tagliaferris are to be considered among the most interesting sacred artists of Lake Como.

"Ultra Q" was originally the first Ultra Series but it featured any of the Ultras without monsters and came "Ultraman". It was followed by many other series. Productions after the original series are: Ultraseven (1967, TBS), Return of Ultraman (1971, TBS), Ultraman Ace (1972, TBS), Ultraman Taro (1973, TBS), Ultraman Leo (1974, TBS), Ultraman 80 (1980, TBS), Ultraman Tiga (1996, MBS), Ultraman Dyna (1997, MBS), Ultraman Gaia (1998, MBS), and Ultraman Cosmos (2001, MBS). Recently the studio tried bringing back the stories of the hero through the "Ultra N Project," which involved three heroes: Ultraman Noa (the "mascot" of the Ultra N Project, who appears in stage shows as well as the final episode of Ultraman Nexus) in 2003, Ultraman Nexus (2004, CBC), and ULTRAMAN (2004, Shochiku Productions). This was followed by a return to past-style series in the form of Ultraman Max (2005, CBC). In the course of "Max" series, another new hero known as Ultraman Xenon was also introduced. April 2006 saw the 40th anniversary series, Ultraman Mebius, a rookie who will defeat the emperor of all Ultra Monsters, the Empera Seijin which will create a connection between the Ultra Kyodai. Another hero was also introduced: Ultraman Hikari, formerly known as Hunter Knight Tsurugi. Some series like Tiga, Dyna, Gaia, and Mebius had Gaidens (Side Stories). Tiga, Dyna, and Gaia had only one Gaiden for each but Mebius had 3 Gaidens. First featured during the story of Hikari before and after coming and leaving the earth. The second series featured the story after the final episode of Ultraman Mebius. The third featured about the events that happened before the events of the movie .

"I Kissed a Girl" debuted at number 76 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. After a couple of weeks, the single hit the top 5, due to the rising digital downloads and increasing radio airplay. It continued to rise the next week, reaching #2 just behind her labelmate, Coldplay. The following week, the song reached the summit of the US chart, becoming the 1000th #1 song of the rock era (the 961st #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100). In addition the song also gave the Capitol label two consecutive Hot 100 #1's, as the week's prior #1 was fellow Capitol artist Coldplay's "Viva la Vida", making it the first time since 1976 Capitol has had two back to back chart toppers on the Hot 100. The single also crossed over to Billboard's sister publication R&R's Rhythmic chart in its July 5 issue, where not only did she have the highest debut ever for a non-rhythmic track, entering at number 26 with 1,065 spins, she also had the highest debut from a new artist in over five years. The bow is the best for a debut track at Rhythmic since Beyoncé entered at No. 21 with "Crazy in Love" in 2003. It also became the first song since Gnarls Barkley's "Crazy" to simultaneously appear on the Mainstream Top 40, Rhythmic, Adult Top 40 and Alternative charts. On July 26, 2008, the track also made history by reaching the number one spot on Billboard's Hot Dance Airplay chart by three weeks, a first for a solo act with a debut single. The song topped the Hot 100 for seven weeks in a row before finally being dethroned by Rihanna's "Disturbia". It is the second longest running number one on the Hot 100 of 2008 so far, with only Flo Rida's "Low" topping the chart for longer. The single has sold more than 2,500,000 downloads in the United States to date.

By February 2012, Rodger's frustration with his social interactions, particularly with blond women whom he perceived as evil, led him to withdraw from all his college classes from Santa Barbara City College. This revelation led Rodger to begin to contemplate what he referred to as the "Day of Retribution," a planned attack to avenge his perceived slights and loneliness. Rodger later attended a private Katy Perry concert and went to the red carpet premiere of "The Hunger Games" with his father in March 2012, where he met Jack Ross, the 16-year-old son of the film's director, Gary Ross. In a bid to achieve instant wealth, Rodger bought lottery tickets for The Mega Millions jackpot in June 2012, but his hopes were dashed when he did not win. Determined to amass the funds he believed were necessary for his planned act of vengeance, Rodger managed to save up $5,000 to buy the supplies he thought he needed. In July 2012, while walking alone in a park, he observed some college students playing kickball. Overwhelmed by envy, especially upon seeing blond women interacting with men, Rodger went to a Kmart, purchased a Super Soaker, and filled it with orange juice. He returned to the park and sprayed the students while yelling at them. In August 2012, Rodger encountered "The Secret" by Rhonda Byrne, a book that promoted the "law of attraction." Motivated by its principles, he dedicated the entire month to meditating in his room, vividly imagining himself walking through a park alongside a beautiful girl. Later in September 2012, after not winning the Mega Millions $120 million jackpot, Rodger was engulfed in a fit of despair, screaming and crying for hours on end. This led him to go to a gun range, fueled by a desire to familiarize himself with firearms as part of the groundwork for his contemplated attack.

Tommy, Alex and Gibson join some soldiers of a Highlanders regiment and hide inside a beached trawler in the intertidal zone outside the Allied perimeter, waiting for the rising tide to refloat it. German troops shoot at the boat, and water enters through the bullet holes. Alex, hoping to lighten the boat, accuses Gibson, who has stayed silent, of being a German spy. Gibson reveals he is French; he stole the identity of the dead British soldier he buried, hoping to be evacuated with the British. The group abandons the boat when it begins to sink, but Gibson is entangled in a chain and drowns. When a nearby minesweeper is sunk by a bomber, "Moonstone" manoeuvres to take on those in the water, including Tommy and Alex. Peter discovers that George is dead. Asked by the shell-shocked soldier, he lies and says that George is fine. Farrier reaches Dunkirk, before his fuel runs out. Gliding over the beach, he shoots down a dive-bomber, saving ships and troops, and then lands beyond the perimeter. He sets fire to his plane before being taken prisoner by the Germans. In all, 300,000 men are evacuated. Royal Navy Commander Bolton stays to oversee the evacuation of the French. Arriving back in Weymouth, Dawson is congratulated for having saved so many men. The shell-shocked soldier sees George's body being carried away. Peter goes to the local newspaper; a front-page article commends George as a hero. Tommy and Alex board a train, and receive a hero's welcome when the train arrives in Woking.

In the final book, Annabeth first appears when Percy returns from blowing up Kronos's ship, the "Princess Andromeda". Following his arrival, Annabeth helps Percy hear the Great Prophecy. Percy bathes in the River Styx (he narrowly escapes by imagining Annabeth pulling him out of the river) and calls Annabeth, telling her to meet him in front of the Empire State Building with all the demigods from Camp Half Blood. When Annabeth and Percy go to Olympus, they meet Hermes, to whom Annabeth tries to apologize about Luke turning into Kronos. Hermes becomes angry at her and blames her for not saving Luke. Hermes leaves, and they return to the other campers to defend Manhattan and Mount Olympus. In battle, Ethan Nakamura attempts to stab Percy in the small of his back, his Achilles spot, and Annabeth jumps in front of him, taking the knife. After a few hours of rest, Annabeth, though still weak from poison, goes back into battle. Kronos goes to Olympus, and Grover, Thalia, Percy, and Annabeth follow him. Kronos attacks Percy, and Annabeth joins the fight, but is knocked out of the fight when Kronos slams her into Athena's throne. In the end, she saves Percy and Olympus by finally realizing the prophecy's true meaning. She convinces Percy to give Luke her knife (which was given to her by Luke when she was seven) so he can stab himself, killing himself and banishing Kronos to Tartarus yet again. She is rewarded by the gods, who allow her to use her talents as an architect to rebuild Mount Olympus. Percy Jackson refuses immortality because of his feelings for Annabeth. At Camp Half-Blood in the dining hall later that day, Annabeth kisses Percy after he admits his feelings for her. She warns him that she will never make things easy for him. After this, they kiss underwater after eavesdroppers dump them into the canoe lake.

Eastern Chalukyas, also known as the Chalukyas of Vengi, was a dynasty that ruled parts of South India. It ruled for a period from the 7th century to the 12th centuries. They started out be as governors of the Chalukyas of Badami in the Deccan region. Later they became powerful. They ruled the Vengi region of present-day Andhra Pradesh until c. 1130 CE. After 1130 CE they continued their rule under the overlordship(feudatory) of the Chola.Originally, the capital of the Eastern Chalukyas was located at the Vengi city. Later the capital was shifted to Rajahmundry.
Throughout their history the Eastern Chalukyas were the cause of many wars between the more powerful Cholas and Western Chalukyas. Eastern Chalukyan rule of Vengi saw the growth of Telugu culture, literature, poetry and art throughout the region.
The Chalukyas of Vengi emerged from (came from) the Chalukyas of Badami.The Badami ruler Pulakeshin II (608–644 C.E) conquered the Vengi region in eastern Deccan by defeating the Vishnukundina dynasty. He appointed his brother Kubja Vishnuvardhana as the governor of the new territory in 624 CE. Kubja Vishnuvardhana founded the Eastern Chalukya dynasty after the death of Pulikeshin II in the Battle of Vatapi.
Between 641 CE and 705 CE some kings, except Jayasimha I and Mangi Yuvaraja, ruled for very short durations. Then periods with weak rulers followed. At this time, the Rashtrakutas removed the Western Chalukyas of Badami. The weak rulers of Vengi had to face the Rashtrakutas. There was no Eastern Chalukya ruler who could fight against them. During the period of Gunaga Vijayaditya III, the Rashtrakuta emperor Amoghavarsha treated him as his ally (supporter). After Amoghavarsha's death, Vijayaditya made the state independent.

Quan Chi is a nefarious free-roaming sorcerer and necromancer who is one of the Mortal Kombat series' main villains. He is first seen in MK Mythologies when he hires both Sub-Zero and his rival Scorpion to find a map leading to the amulet in hopes that they would meet in combat; indeed, Sub-Zero kills Scorpion in battle, after which Quan Chi eliminates Scorpion's Shirai Ryu clan and sends Sub-Zero to find the amulet, which is later revealed to be a fake while Quan Chi kept the real one for himself. After reviving Scorpion as an undead revenant, Quan Chi tells him that Sub-Zero was responsible for the deaths of his clan and family. He makes his playable debut in Mortal Kombat 4, in which he joins forces with disgraced Elder God Shinnok, who had been banished to the Netherealm by the thunder god Raiden after centuries of warring, in ruling the realm. He is the title character along with Shang Tsung in Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance (2002), in which he brokers a deal with Shang Tsung for his assistance in reviving the army of Onaga (the game's final boss) in exchange for souls that would preserve Shang Tsung's youth, then eliminate evil Outworld emperor Shao Kahn and the perennial Mortal Kombat champion Liu Kang. They kill Raiden's Earthrealm defenders, but the partnership dissolves when Shang Tsung attempts to steal Shinnok's amulet to take control of Onaga's army for himself. In his futile attempt to stop Onaga, Raiden sacrifices himself by triggering a violent explosion and seemingly killing the Deadly Alliance as well. In Mortal Kombat: Armageddon (2006), Quan Chi attempts to acquire the godlike power of the elemental Blaze. During the battle royal among the combatants on the Pyramid of Argus in the game's opening cinematic sequence, Quan Chi wounds Kenshi in battle before Shang Tsung (disguised as Ermac) throws him off the pyramid. In the game's training mode, Quan Chi suggests that he, Shang Tsung, Shao Kahn, and Onaga work together to defeat the forces of good, but is secretly serving as a double agent for Shinnok.

Atreyu are an American heavy metal band. They are signed to Roadrunner Records. They took their name from a character called "Atreyu" in a book called "The Neverending Story".Sound Tracks
Compilations
Magazine cover compilations
'Atreyu' is an American metal core band with melodic death metal and hardcore influences from Orange County, California. Contrary to popular belief, the band did not intentionally name itself after Atreyu, a character from Michael Ende's novel, The Never-ending Story. Rather, the name was suggested to them by a friend of the band. 
Current
Atreyu was formed as a band sometime during 1998 and 1999. Shortly thereafter, they released their first EP, entitled Visions. The record garnered the band some success in the Southern California metal core scene and they constantly performed to support the seven-track release.
Atreyu released its second record, a five-track EP, entitled Fractures in the Facade of Your Porcelain Beauty, in 2001. The record featured early versions of the songs "Living Each Day Like You're Already Dead", "Someone's Standing on My Chest", and "Tulips Are Better", which were re-worked for the band's third release. The record also caught the attention of record executives at Victory Records, who quickly signed the band and added it to its roster.
Atreyu recorded and released its first full-length album in 2002. Suicide Notes and Butterfly Kisses would become an instant fan favorite and was noticed by a wide variety of music fans. The record broke down the walls separating the genres of heavy metal and hardcore, allowing the band to push itself into the forefront of the metal core scene. Critics from publications such as the L.A. Times, Guitar World, and Metal Maniacs commented that the "Southern California five-piece brings new definition to overnight success." Since then, the album has sold over 100,000 copies and has produced two popular singles, "Ain’t Love Grand" and "Lip Gloss and Black." Their newest album, "Congregation of the Damned", was released October 2009 and delighted many of their original fans. Their songs changed by their music slowly getting heavier and darker.

In the present, Billy Batson is taken in by a new family after having repeatedly run away from foster homes to try to find his mother who was accidentally separated from him at a carnival when he was a young child. Billy meets his new foster brother Freddie who knows everything there is to know about superheroes and who walks with a crutch. Billy finds Freddie annoying. He then sees two bullies beat Freddie up with his crutch and does nothing until they make fun of Freddie for not having a mother. Billy then attacks and beats Freddie's bullies. Billy then runs away and gets onto a train. The wizard Shazam then appears to Billy and tells him that he is worthy of his power. The wizard tells him to say the name Shazam and transform into a superhero with his powers. Billy says Shazam and transforms into an adult superhero. Billy then reaches out to Freddie to find out how to be a superhero and transforms back by saying Shazam. Billy becomes arrogant because of his power and so he chooses not to transform into his superhero form and visit Freddie as his hero at the school’s next lunch like Freddie had said he would. When no superhero showed up, they gave Freddie a suitcase wedgie. Freddie then came to Billy while Billy was in his superhero form during a public appearance and tells him he only cares about himself. Dr. Sivana then comes and attacks Billy. Billy tries and fails to fight Dr.Sivana and he transforms back into a teenager by saying Shazam so that he can escape. Dr. Sivana attacks Freddie and threatens to kill him if he doesn’t tell him where Billy lives. Freddie tells him. Dr. Sivana then kidnaps Billy’s foster family to get Billy to come to their rescue. Billy strikes a deal with Dr.Sivana to give up his powers in exchange for his foster family but instead of giving Dr. Sivana his power he gives his powers to his family by having them say Shazam. Dr.Sivana has six of the Seven Deadly Sins try to fight against Billy and his family but they are defeated. Billy then manages to trick the Sin of Envy to leave Dr. Sivana and fight Billy himself. 
After Billy wins Dr. Sivana is left without power and is captured and imprisoned. Billy in his superhero form then visits Freddie at his cafeteria lunch and brings Superman with him.

Okubo was born in Kanda, Fukuoka on June 9, 1982. After graduating from Kunimi High School, he joined J1 League club Cerezo Osaka in 2001. He played many matches as forward and offensive midfielder from first season. However Cerezo finished at the bottom place in 2001 season and was relegated to J2 League. In 2002 season, he scored 18 goals which was the 2nd top scorer and Cerezo was returned to J1 in a year. From 2003, he scored more than 15 goals in J1. He was also selected "Asian Young Footballer of the Year" award in 2003. In 2005, he moved to Spanish La Liga club Mallorca on loan. Although the club results were bad, Mallorca finished at 17th place and remained La Liga in 2004/05 season. Although he played many matches as substitute forward in 2005/06 season, his opportunity to play decreased from April 2006. In June 2006, he returned to Cerezo Osaka. At then Cerezo won only 1 match in 13 matches and at the bottom place of 18 clubs in 2006 season. Although he played as forward all matches excluding suspension, Cerezo finished at the 17th place and was relegated to J2 again. In 2007, he moved to J1 club Vissel Kobe. He played many matches as left midfielder in 2 seasons under manager Hiroshi Matsuda and scored more than 10 goals both seasons. In January 2009, he moved to Wolfsburg of the Bundesliga. Wolfsburg won the champions 2008/09 season which was first major title in the club history. In June 2009, he returned to Japan and re-joined Vissel Kobe. He played as forward all 19 matches and scored 8 goals in 2009 season. Although his opportunity to play decreased for injuries in 2010, he played as regular player until 2012. However Vissel finished at the 16th place in 2012 season and was relegated to J2 League. In 2013 season, he moved to Kawasaki Frontale. He played more than 30 matches every season and he became a top scorer for 3 years in a row until 2015 season. In 2017, he moved to FC Tokyo. In 2018, he returend to Kawasaki. However he could not as regular player and he mainly played as substitute forward. In June 2018, Okubo moved to Júbilo Iwata. In 2020, he moved to J2 League club Tokyo Verdy. In 2021, he moved to his first club Cerezo Osaka.

Tensions between slave and free states mounted with arguments over the relationship between the state and federal governments, as well as violent conflicts over the spread of slavery into new states. Abraham Lincoln, a candidate of the most antislavery Republican Party, was elected president in 1860. Before he took office, seven slave states declared their secession—which the federal government maintained was illegal—and formed the Confederate States of America. With the Confederate attack upon Fort Sumter, the American Civil War began and four more slave states joined the Confederacy. Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation committed the Union to end slavery. Following the Union victory in 1865, three changes to the U.S. Constitution secured freedom for the nearly four million African Americans who had been slaves, made them citizens, and gave them voting rights. The war and its resolution led to a big increase in federal power.
After the war, the assassination of Abraham Lincoln caused the Reconstruction, where policies were put together directed at getting back and rebuilding the Southern states while securing the rights of the newly freed slaves. The resolution of the disputed 1876 presidential election by the Compromise of 1877 ended this era, and the Jim Crow laws soon disenfranchised many African Americans. In the North, urbanization and a never-before-seen inflow of immigrants from Southern and Eastern Europe made the country's industrialization grow rapidly. The wave of immigration, lasting until 1929, gave labor and changed American culture. High tax protections, national infrastructure building, and new banking laws encouraged growth also. The 1867 Alaska Purchase from Russia completed the country's mainland expansion. The Wounded Knee Massacre in 1890 was the last major armed conflict of the Indian Wars. In 1893, the native monarchy of the Pacific Kingdom of Hawaii was ended in a secret and successful plan led by American residents. the United States took over the archipelago in 1898. Victory in the Spanish–American War the same year proved that the United States was a world power and led to the addition of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Philippines. The Philippines gained independence fifty years later. Puerto Rico and Guam are still U.S. territories.

Under Stewart and Karlin "The Daily Show" developed a markedly different style, bringing a sharper political focus to the humor than the show previously exhibited. Then-correspondent Stephen Colbert recalls that Stewart specifically asked him to have a political viewpoint, and to allow his passion for issues to carry through into his comedy. Colbert says that whereas under Kilborn the focus was on "human interest-y" pieces, with Stewart as host the show's content became more "issues and news driven", particularly after the beginning of the 2000 election campaign with which the show dealt in its "Indecision 2000" coverage. Stewart himself describes the show's coverage of the 2000 election recount as the point at which the show found its editorial voice. "That's when I think we tapped into the emotional angle of the news for us and found our editorial footing," he says. Following the September 11th attacks, "The Daily Show" went off the air for nine days. Upon its return, Stewart opened the show with a somber monologue, that, according to Jeremy Gillick and Nonna Gorilovskaya, addressed both the absurdity and importance of his role as a comedian. Commented Stewart:They said to get back to work, and there were no jobs available for a man in the fetal position. ...We sit in the back and we throw spitballs – never forgetting the fact that it is a luxury in this country that allows us to do that. ...The view from my apartment was the World Trade Center. Now it's gone. They attacked it. This symbol of American ingenuity and strength and labor and imagination and commerce and it is gone. But you know what the view is now? The Statue of Liberty. The view from the south of Manhattan is now the Statue of Liberty. You can't beat that.

Oliver explained that he and his team talked to Murray Energy about this segment before showing it. He said that he received a letter from Murray Energy telling him that he should cease and desist from–or stop–"any efforts to [...] injure Mr. Murray". Oliver also said that Murray has sued people before. Oliver ignored this letter. He called Murray a "geriatric Dr. Evil" who was "on the same side as black lung". Oliver also talked about other errors in the way Murray's miners were told to do their jobs. Oliver particularly talked about the Crandall Canyon Mine collapse that killed 9 people. Bob Murray argued that it was the fault of an earthquake. However, the federal government said that it was the fault of the dangerous way miners were told to do their jobs. The government told Murray Energy that they had to pay . This is the highest amount possible the federal government can make someone pay for doing a dangerous thing like this. Oliver then talked about Murray's program for coal miners to earn more money. The workers did not like the program. They said that it might encourage them to do dangerous things for more money. The company told the workers that they could return their money if they felt they were being encouraged to do risky things. Two miners gave back the money, writing the words "KISS MY ASS BOB" and "Eat Shit Bob" on their checks. Oliver also talked about Murray also sharing a story that he received the idea to start a coal mining business from a talking squirrel. Drawing on the two stories, Oliver ended the episode by introducing a squirrel mascot known as "Mr. Nutterbutter" (played by Noel MacNeal). Mr. Nutterbutter taunted Bob Murray by holding up an big check–a piece of paper making a promise to pay money–for "three acorns and eighteen cents". The money was addressed to "Eat Shit, Bob!"

In many branches of science, including mathematics, mathematical optimization is a branch that is about finding a right set of answers that gives the best (optimal) solution to a problem, given some limitations, or criteria. In the simplest case, this means that a function needs to be minimized or maximized. 
For example, consider a baker with a set amount of flour, sugar, yeast, etc. They also are given five hours to prepare. Time and ingredients are the constraints, or criteria. The baker is tasked with providing the largest volume of food to feed a hungry crowd. Maximizing the number of servings is the optimization function. 
Many problems are much harder, though, and solving them analytically is not feasible: in these cases, numerical methods are often used. This often is a result of when the decisions that need to be made involve whole numbers. A baker can usually make half of a recipe, but consider a rancher trying to determine how many cattle and sheep to graze. Limitations may include amount of land available or money to purchase the animals. The optimization function is to maximize profit. If they could purchase a fraction of a cow or sheep, then the problem is pretty easy to solve. However, since one can only buy whole sheep or cows, the problem becomes very difficult to solve perfectly, so the best one can do is sometimes to get a "best guess" using numerical methods with the help of a computer.
The first step is usually to take the derivative of the initial function. From here maxima or minima can be found within a domain by simply finding the critical points. These include domain (x) values where the differentiated function equals 0 or does not exist. Simply finding critical points is not enough to determine maxima or minima. The final step to determining a maximum, minimum, or neither can be one of two methods.

Idi Amin had a controversial foreign policy. He expelled Asian communities, leading to strained relations with the UK and Israel. Amin's regime was marked by erratic diplomatic decisions and isolationist tendencies.
Idi Amin had a complex relationship with Israel. In the early 1970s, he expressed support for Israel, but later he shifted towards a more anti-Israel stance. Amin severed diplomatic ties in 1972, aligning himself with the Arab nations after the Yom Kippur War.
Idi Amin had a close relationship with Libya's leader, Muammar Gaddafi, during the 1970s. They formed an alliance based on shared interests and anti-Western sentiments. Gaddafi provided Amin with economic and military support, and they collaborated on various political initiatives.
Idi Amin's relationship with the United States was strained. While initially supported during the Cold War due to his anti-Soviet stance, Amin's erratic behavior and human rights abuses led to a deterioration of relations.
Idi Amin initially had close ties with the Soviet Union in the early 1970s, but the relationship soured later. Amin, Uganda's president, expelled Israeli and Western advisers, turning to the Soviet Union for support.
Idi Amin's relationship with the United Kingdom was tumultuous. After seizing power in Uganda in 1971, Amin initially had good relations with the UK. However, his erratic behavior, human rights abuses, and expulsion of Asians from Uganda strained ties. The UK condemned Amin's actions, leading to a deterioration in diplomatic relations.

Nick Cassidy (Sam Worthington) enters a hotel room, pretending to be called Joe Walker. After eating a meal and wiping his fingerprints off everything he touched, he climbs out of the window and stands on the ledge outside. He acts as if he is going to jump off to his death. Soon, people below notice and the police are called. When the police ask Nick if he has any requests, he asks to talk to negotiator Lydia Mercer (Elizabeth Banks), who is taking time off work after failing to convince someone not to jump off of the Brooklyn Bridge. When she tricks him into accepting a cigarette, she gets his fingerprint and the police soon find out his true name. Nick was sent to prison for a crime he did not commit, but escaped when he was allowed off prison grounds for his father's funeral. To prove he did not commit the crime, he is distracting the police whilst his brother Joey Cassidy (Jamie Bell), and his girlfriend Angie (Genesis Rodriguez) break into David Englander's (Ed Harris) vault to retrieve the diamond he was arrested for stealing. Nick believes Englander faked the diamond's theft in order to get money from his insurance, after the 2008 financial crisis. During this time Nick's old partner from when he was a policeman is trying to find out why Nick is on the ledge and out of prison. After realising that Englander's vault is near the hotel where Nick is, the police send a team of people to check that the vault has not been robbed. After being informed by Nick through an earpiece, Angie and Joey are able to hide whilst the police search the building.

He is best known for his roles on the "ITV" breakfast programmes "GMTV", "Daybreak" and "Good Morning Britain". In 2005, Dixon joined the "GMTV" breakfast show as a news reporter and fill-in on the show. When "GMTV" closed in 2010, he moved to the show's successor, Daybreak, where he worked as a New York City correspondent. He now lives in London working as a correspondent for the current "ITV" breakfast programme Good Morning Britain. Nick Dixon left school at the age of 16 and started working for BBC Scotland as a postman. In 1991, Dixon started as a copyist in the BBC Radio Scotland newsroom, progressing to writing stories for reporters and correspondents and assisting on the spot. Dixon joined Radio Clyde in Glasgow as a production assistant in 1993 and in the same year worked as a researcher on the BBC quiz programme Catchword. Dixon started at Scottish Television (STV) as advertising director in 1995, where he wrote, edited, voiced and directed on-air advertising material, as well as live continuity adverts. During this time, he created the Formula One news website, which won a BBC Web Award. 1999 marked the beginning of Dixon's time with Scotland's leading television news programme, Scotland Today, starting as a production journalist. During his seven years at the station, he anchored the newscasts, weekend news and breaks, as well as the main evening show. Dixon reported on news such as the Maryhill gas explosion, the so-called Tsunami, the opening of the Scottish Parliament and the Edinburgh Festival. Dixon also produced a documentary on STV entitled . Moving to London in July 2005, Dixon joined "GMTV" as a news producer. He was promoted to reporter in November 2005 and in his first week on the job he reported live from the Paris riots on the Champs Elysees. Dixon reported live from Times Square, New York City on David Blaine's world record attempt in May 2006. He was also a relief newscaster on "GMTV". In September 2010, Dixon moved to the ITV show Breakfast Daybreak as a correspondent in New York. From July 2011 to April 2014, he was a journalist for Features based in London. In April 2014, "Daybreak" was dropped to make way for a new "ITV" breakfast show called "Good Morning Britain", for which Dixon is a news correspondent.

Between Rouen and the sea, ocean-going vessels of up to in length, and 150,000 tons in weight can travel the Seine. This section of the river has a length of about . Ships of a draft of up to can circulate. Draft is a word describe the height of the part of a ship that is below the water line. There are three bridges in this section. They can be raised. The maximum air draft (or height above the water line) of a ship is . Because there are few briges, the river can be crossed by ferry, at different locations. The port of Rouen is an important maritime port in France; it is the most important port in Europe for cereals, and the most important port in France for flour and fertilizers. Even if the port of Le Havre is more important for petroleum, that of Rouen is still important. About 25 million tons of produce is handled by the port of Rouen each year.
The course of the river was corrected between Rouen and Paris in the 19th century. There are seven locks. Barges with merchandise, of a capacity of up to 350 t, can circulate. The dimension of the lock determines the maximum dimension of the ship. When most canals were built in France, the minister for public works, Charles de Freycinet determined the maximum length of the locks. As a result, the maximum dimension of the ship is , with a draft of . In the case of the French canals, the maximum draft is . The load of a peniche is about that of ten lorries or eight rail wagons. Other ship types that can circulate have a capacity of . Convois of barges with a length between can transport between of freight. Other ships include river-vessels that can transport up to of freight.

The theme is doppelganger. The narrator is a dying man of "a noble descent" who choses not to embody a record of his later years of unspeakable misery, and unpardonable crime-he calls himself William Wilson because, although denouncing his profligate past, he does not accept full blame for his actions, saying that "man was never thus ... tempted before". and tells the story of how he "Fell" from "grace":Years before while attending a school in england Another boy at his school looks and acts like himself, and was even born on the same day, January 19th (Poe's actual birth day) 1813. Angered at being given "good" advice William steals into the boy bedroom but is shocked to find his double now resembles himself; he runs away from the school in horror.The first Wilson goes to the bad in life, but is haunted by his good double. After being subject to admonished at Eaton [while preparing to give a profane oath at a drinking party] and his honor destroyed at Oxford [where he is exposed at trying to cheat at cards], William is haunted by his double in subsequent years, who thwarts plans described by William as driven by ambition [in Rome], revenge [in Paris], passionate Love [in Naples], and avarice [In Egypt] and even follows him to other cities [Vienna, Berlin, Moscow]. One thing William cannot understand is that while no one knows anything about his double, his double always seems to know everything about William. At Carnival time in Rome William prepares to seduce the not unwilling young wife of a elderly nobleman. When his double appears the enraged William drags his double into a anterooom and challenges him to a sword duel where he kills the double. Distracted for a second he finds instead his double a mirror Reflected at him, he sees "mine own image, but with features all pale and dabbled in blood": apparently the dead double, "but he spoke no longer in a whisper". The narrator feels as if he is pronouncing the words: "You have conquered, and I yield. Yet, henceforward art thou also dead—dead to the World, to Heaven, and to hope! In me didst thou exist—and, in my death, see by this image, which is thine own, how utterly thou hast murdered thyself.
Poe later admitted he had got the idea from a previous story by Washington Irving about a character who kills his double.

During the seventeenth century, as an aspect of Romantic "Primitivism", the figure of the "Good Savage" was held up as a reproach to European civilization, then in the middle of savage wars of religion. People were especially horrified by the Massacre of Saint Bartholomew (1572), in which some 20,000 men, women, and children were massacred, chiefly in Paris, but also throughout France, in a three-day period. This led Montaigne to write his famous essay "Of Cannibals" (1587), in which he stated that although cannibals ceremoniously eat each other, Europeans behave even more barbarously and burn each other alive for disagreeing about religion. The treatment of indigenous peoples by the Spanish Conquistadors also produced a great deal of bad conscience and recriminations. Bartolomé de las Casas, who witnessed it, may have been the first to idealize the simple life of the indigenous Americans. He and other observers praised the simple manners of the indigenous Americans and reported that they were incapable of lying. European guilt over colonialism, with its use of recently invented guns on people who did not have them inspired fictional treatments such as Aphra Behn's novel "Oroonoko, or the Royal Slave", about a slave revolt in Surinam in the West Indies. Behn's story was not primarily a protest against slavery but was written for money; and it met readers' expectations by following the conventions of the European romance novella. The leader of the revolt, Oroonoko, is truly noble in that he is a hereditary African prince, and he laments his lost African homeland in the traditional terms of a Golden Age. He is not a savage but dresses and behaves like a European aristocrat. Behn's story was adapted for the stage by Irish playwright Thomas Southerne, who stressed its sentimental aspects, and as time went on it came to be seen as addressing the issues of slavery and colonialism, remaining very popular throughout the 18th Century.

The story of Parsifal and the Holy Grail has survived in several forms that date from between 1170 and 1220. Wagner, who always wrote the words of his operas himself, used a mixture of several of these versions of the story to fit his ideas for the opera. Parsifal is a young man who is a “pure fool”, which means that he is an innocent, good man who slowly starts to understand the world. The Holy Grail is the cup from which Jesus Christ is supposed to have drunk at the Last Supper. The Holy Spear is the spear which is supposed to have been the one with which the Roman soldier pierced Jesus’ side when he was put on the cross. The Holy Grail and the Holy Spear are sacred relics (things from the past) which have been given to Titurel and his band of Christian knights to look after. Titurel has built a castle, Montsalvat, high up on the forest rocks, to guard them. In particular, he has to watch out for Klingsor who lives nearby. Klingsor is a magician who has a garden full of beautiful flower-maidens. These maidens are in his power. One of them is Kundry. She has already been made to several young knights to Klingsor’s power. Even Titurel’s son, Amfortas, could not resist the lure of Kundry. His spear was taken from him and he was badly wounded before being rescued. At the beginning of the opera he is lying in pain. The only thing that could heal the wound would be the touch of the Holy Spear which Klingsor now has, and the only person who could get that spear back again is a “pure fool”, a young man who knows nothing about the evil of the world and who can resist the beauty of the flower-maidens.

As a child Lemlich experienced the many struggles of people living under the Russian Monarchy. Lemlich and her family fled Ukraine in 1903, and they worked very hard to find jobs and a new home. Many immigrants had a hard time finding jobs and having money, so many just joined the manufacturing workforce. Lemlich worked to make shirtwaists in unbelievable conditions with a very low wage. Shocked by this sexist environment, Lemlich joined the Uprising of 20,000 (also known as The New York shirtwaist strike of 1909), a strike against sexism in the workplace, horrible working conditions, unfair pay and hours, and much more. She continued to inspire many people, becoming a very important women's suffrage activist. 
In 1905, her family decided to move to The United States of America, specifically New York City. Lemlich decided she would be a passionate and fiery socialist with many opinions. Once in the states, Lemlich followed in the path of many other immigrants in need of work and joined a shirt and dress factory. Lemlich was very appalled by the horrid conditions of that factory and wrote about how the conditions for Men and Women were completely different, and the women were always given the worse option. She wrote about how the wage gap was insanely unfair, how the better work stations were given to men, and how the hours she worked and the amount she got paid were completely unfair. Lemlich decided to lead a strike, called The Uprising of 20,000 (or The New York shirtwaist strike of 1909) to strike against unbelievable unfair situations in the workplace.

DE 82 heads to the west of DE 52 near Greenville as Campbell Road. The road has two lanes cars can travel on without a median, which is a physical divider between the travel lanes in each direction. East of DE 52, the road continues to DE 100 as Kirk Road. The road passes areas of homes with trees and fields. Then it crosses over the Hoopes Reservoir. Not far after the reservoir, DE 82 makes a left turn onto New London Road to go south. The route passes through large areas of trees, turning to the west as it makes many turns. The road goes near more fields and homes in a rural area before coming to an intersection with Mt. Cuba Road. Here, DE 82 goes northwest on Creek Road and passes next to the Red Clay Creek and the Wilmington and Western Railroad on a road with many trees. It makes more turns and goes over the creek two times before crossing the railroad two times. In this area, the route passes the Ashland Nature Center. The route comes to the community of Yorklyn, where the route turns southwest for a short time and passes a few buildings in rural areas. After making a turn to the northwest to go on Creek Road, DE 82 heads north next to the Red Clay Creek. The Wilmington and Western Railroad turns to the southwest away from the road. A short distance past Yorklyn, the route comes to the Pennsylvania border, where it becomes PA 82 and goes toward Kennett Square, Pennsylvania. All of DE 82 is a part of the Red Clay Valley Scenic Byway, a scenic byway (road) name given to many roads in the Red Clay Creek valley.

The oval-shaped zero and circular letter O came into use together on modern character displays. The zero with a dot in the centre seems to have begun as a choice on IBM 3270 controllers (this has the problem that it looks like the Greek letter theta). The slashed zero, looking like the letter O with a diagonal line drawn inside it, is used in old-style ASCII graphic sets that came from the default typewheel on the well-known ASR-33 Teletype. This format causes problems because it looks like the symbol formula_1, representing the empty set, as well as for certain Scandinavian languages which use Ø as a letter.
The rule which has the letter O with a slash and the zero without was used at IBM and a few other early mainframe makers; this is even more of a problem for Scandinavians, because it looks like two of their letters at the same time. Some Burroughs/Unisys computers display a zero with a backwards slash. And yet another convention common on early line printers left zero without any extra dots or slashes but added a tail or hook to the letter O so that it resembled an inverted Q or cursive capital letter O.
The letters used on some European number plates for cars make the two symbols look different. This is done by making the zero rather egg-shaped and the O more circular, but most of all by cutting open the zero on the upper right side, so the circle is not closed any more (as in ). The style of letters chosen is called "" (abbr.: "FE Schrift"), meaning "script which is harder to falsify". But those used in the United Kingdom do not make the letter o and the number 0 look different from each other, because there can never be any mistake if the letters are correctly spaced.

In 1328 Robert the Bruce was in poor health and was dying. One thing he had not been able to do was to go on a crusade. He asked his friend Sir James Douglas to take his heart to the Holy Land. The king died on 7 June 1329. After the king's death James Douglas had a silver casket made and placed in it the heart of Robert the Bruce. He kept it safe on a chain around his neck. In 1330 he and six knights set out in a ship with royal banners. This is so all who saw it would know the heart of Robert, King of Scotland was on its way to Jerusalem in the Holy Land. The ship waited at Sluys, Flanders for other knights to join them before continuing on their voyage. They sailed to Spain where they stopped at Seville. They were welcomed by Alfonso XI, King of Castile and Leon as well as many English knights who had come to Spain to fight against the Moors. In August 1330 outside the walls of the Moorish town of Teba de Ardales Douglas and his knights joined the king's army. King Alfonso asked Douglas if he would lead the vanguard and placed all the English and Scottish knights under his command. Douglas ordered the charge and the fighting began right away. When the moors pretended to retreat, Douglas and ten of his knights chased after them. But it was a trick and the Moors turned and surrounded them. Trying to rescue a fellow knight Douglas and all his knights were killed. Sir James Douglas was found with the silver casket still around his neck. His body was made ready for the trip home. The silver casket containing the heart of Bruce never reached the Holy Land. It was buried at the Abbey of Melrose. Sir James Douglas was buried at the Kirk of Douglas.

Once Angom Nongban Kongyamba met fisher women from the Khuman kingdom in a place called Moirang. Both the Khuman kingdom and the Moirang kingdom were on the shores of the Loktak lake.
The women came to Moirang besides having their own fishing area. So, Kongyamba asked them the reason for coming to Moirang. 
The women said that a dangerous bull had killed many people near the water, so they could not fish:
<poem>"There is a great bull that lurks among the reeds of the shores of the lake, and it had claimed life of many. So, we dare not to fish there."</poem> 
Suddenly, an idea came to Kongyamba's mind. He went to the king. He acted as a person possessed by a divine spirit. Kongyamba told the King,
<poem>"God Thangjing had spoken in my ears and I have his behest upon me. Verily said the God, I am sated with offerings of flesh and fish, but this year, my heart longs for the sweet savour of the flesh of the mighty bull that lurks in the reeds that border the water of the lake. My servant Khamba vows that he will bring it for my honor and for the welfare of the State."</poem>
The king called and asked Khamba about his promise. Khamba denied it. There resulted a great conflict between Khamba and Kongyamba. Later, Khamba told the king he would catch the bull if it was the God’s will. 
The king was happy with Khamba. So, he promised him he could marry Princess Thoibi if he did catch the bull. Minister Thonglen put seven marks on the lintel post of the capital city. It was the record of the King's promise.

Le Guin earliest work stayed the most popular and got the most recognition. A reviewer in 2018 said that she often lectured the reader in her later works. John Clute, wrote in "The Guardian", that she felt responsible for explaining important things clearly, and that this was difficult for her. Some critics disliked some of her work. "The Compass Rose" had a mixed reaction. Even the critically well-received "The Left Hand of Darkness" was criticized by some feminists.
Other authors liked her work. According to Zadie Smith, her prose was "as elegant and beautiful as any written in the twentieth century". After Le Guin's death in 2018, writer Michael Chabon called her the "greatest American writer of her generation", and said that she had "awed [him] with the power of an unfettered imagination". Author Margaret Atwood praised Le Guin's "sane, smart, crafty and lyrical voice", and wrote that social injustice was a powerful motivation through Le Guin's life. Literary critic Harold Bloom described Le Guin as an "exquisite stylist", saying that in her writing, "Every word was exactly in place and every sentence or line had resonance". According to Bloom, Le Guin was a "visionary who set herself against all brutality, discrimination, and exploitation".
Academic and author Joyce Carol Oates highlighted Le Guin's "outspoken sense of justice, decency, and common sense", and called her "one of the great American writers and a visionary artist whose work will long endure". China Miéville described Le Guin as a "literary colossus", and wrote that she was a "writer of intense ethical seriousness and intelligence, of wit and fury, of radical politics, of subtlety, of freedom and yearning".

Puducherry sustained relatively minor damage in November as the depression largely remained offshore; some trees were downed and several banana and sugarcane plantations at Kutchipalayam were severely damaged. Puducherry reported receiving 55.7 mm of rainfall over the 24-hour period from 14–15 November. Water entered several houses in low-lying areas, while three houses collapsed in Uppalam. 
On 5 December, the territorial government announced that nearly 9,000 hectares of paddy fields had been damaged by torrential rainfall, including 4,420 hectares of paddy fields in Puducherry,4,248.34 hectares in Karaikal and 287.15 hectares in Yanam. The government also reported 1,544 hectares of sugercane fields under cultivation had been damaged, along with 297.73 hectares of plantains, 231.9 hectares of tapioca and related tubers, 168.10 hectares of vegetable fields and eight hectares under betel-leaf cultivation. Proposed compensation rates would be as follows: per hectare for betel-leaf losses, ) per hectare for plantains, ) per hectare for paddy fields and ) per hectare for losses of vegetables, tapioca, tubers and sugercane. Compensation scales had also been set for losses of cotton, lentils and flowers.
Supplies of basic necessities, including milk, water and vegetables, were affected due to logistical difficulties. During the December floods in Chennai and the adjoining areas, milk packets sold for , five times more than their usual cost. Water bottles and cans were sold at prices between to . Vegetables were sold at least to over and above their normal average cost at the wholesale level.

In the 1908 Toronto municipal election, held January 1, 1908, former alderman Joseph Oliver was elected Mayor of Toronto in an open contest after incumbent Emerson Coatsworth decided not to seek a third term. Oliver defeated former alderman and future mayor George Reginald Geary (also a future Conservative Member of Parliament), former Conservative Member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario Dr. Beattie Nesbitt, socialist and future mayor James Simpson and former school trustee and hardware merchant Miles Vokes, in the election. Oliver's majority of almost 7,000 votes was the largest ever recorded up to that time in a Toronto mayoral election.
A referendum was also held which approved the creation of a publicly-owned utility, the Toronto Hydro-Electric corporation, to replace a series of privately-owned power companies, and to also put into public ownership two private interurban radial streetcar companies, the Toronto Suburban Railway and the Toronto Eastern Railway (despite this, the streetcar companies remained privately owned).
Reference:
Four members were elected to the Toronto Board of Control in an at-large vote. Long-time Toronto Controller William Peyton Hubbard, the first and for decades only Black Canadian to sit on Toronto City Council, lost his seat to Frank S. Spence. 
Reference:
Votes were held in towns and cities across Ontario on a plan to create municipally-owned hydro-electric companies to buy electricity produced at Niagara Falls by the publicly-owned Ontario Power Company Generating Station. The by-law also authorized the creation of a "hydro-radial" streetcar system with streetcars travelling between towns and cities. 
Reference:

Crusio got in 1979 a master's degree and then in 1984 a PhD from the Radboud University Nijmegen. He performed research in behavior genetics, plant taxonomy, and vegetation science for his master's degree. His revision of the genus "Anubias" continues to generate interest. His work in plant taxonomy continued for several more years. He wrote about the genus "Samolus". In 1986 he described a new species of the Aroid genus "Lagenandra", "L.dewitii". Crusio studied the inheritance of the behavior of mice exploring a new environment for his PhD He also looked at the effects on this behavior of not being able to smell (anosmia). He used quantitative-genetic methods such as the diallel cross for this. Crusio worked as a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Heidelberg from 1984 to 1987. This was supported by a NATO Science Fellowship and an Alexander von Humboldt Research Fellowship. Crusio spent the year 1988 in Paris (France) supported by a fellowship from the Fyssen Foundation. He returned to Heidelberg as a senior research scientist. He was then recruited as "chargé de recherche" by the CNRS. He worked at first in an institute of the Paris Descartes University (Paris V). He was promoted to research director in 1994. In 1997 he moved to the CNRS campus in Orléans. Crusio became professor of psychiatry at the University of Massachusetts Medical School in Worcester, Massachusetts in 2000 and returned to the CNRS in 2005. He became a group leader in the "Centre de Neurosciences Intégratives et Cognitives" in Talence, a suburb of Bordeaux. He is currently adjunct director of the "Institut de Neurosciences Cognitives et Intégratives d'Aquitaine".

A typical column used in SEC has two substances called phases that interact with the mixture and these substances help force the separation of the mixture. The mobile phase is a solvent which helps carry the mixture down the column, and the stationary phase which does not move. Unlike other chromatography methods, the stationary phase used in SEC does not exploit the polarity of each component. It is worth noting there is no chemical interaction between the stationary phase and a component. A column could be packed with two types of stationary phase material. First the stationary phase could be a porous solid. A common porous solid is silica which has a diameter of 5-10µm and a pore sizes ranging from 100-1000Å. Silica provides excellent rigidity and will not move throughout the column. Porous solids are also stable at high pressures and temperatures which allows for the use of a vast variety of solvents. Unfortunately silica particles have a tendency to allow absorb soluble components and they have the capacity to break down components into atoms. For these reasons columns could also be packed with porous gels. The structure of gel is vastly different from a porous solid because gel’s have a polymer-like (a repeating structure of the same substance) structure. Gels have been shown to be more effective than porous solids at allowing components through its pores. Gels have pore sizes ranging from 100-100000Å. So how is it that larger molecules exit the column before smaller molecules?

Eriksen started the 2010–11 season well, scoring his first Ajax league goal on 29 August 2010 in an away victory over De Graafschap. On 11 November 2010, Eriksen scored his first goal at the Amsterdam ArenA a 3–0 Cup victory over BV Veendam. In December, Eriksen was named Danish "Talent of the Year". Several days after receiving this award, Eriksen once again proved his value to Ajax by scoring the only goal in a 0–1 away league victory over Vitesse. On 17 February 2011, Eriksen scored his first goal in a European tournament, the Ajax goal to 2–0, when Ajax beat Anderlecht 3–0 in the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League. On 13 March 2011, Eriksen scored a solo goal, running from the half way line to finish it off with a strike to secure a 3–1 win over Willem II.
During the rest of the season, Eriksen became more and more important for Ajax, due to his growing capabilities as the team's playmaker, providing many assists. After a good season during which he developed himself into an undisputed starter in the side that won the 2010–11 Eredivisie (Ajax's first Eredivisie title in seven years), he was named Ajax's Talent of the Year. On 23 May 2011 he was named Dutch Football Talent of the Year, the second Danish player to win the award since Jon Dahl Tomasson in 1996. He was elected by a jury under command of Holland's all-time best player Johan Cruyff. ""He's a player I really like with all my heart,"" Cruyff praised Eriksen. ""This prize is just the beginning, a stimulus to get the maximum out of his career. The talent is there, the recognition also; now it is up to the player himself. He is a typical product of the Danish school. You can compare him with Brian and Michael Laudrup. Only time will tell if Eriksen can reach the same level as them."".

She started swimming in 1927 after her mother found out about the collective lessons of Mouettes de Paris. In July 1929 she obtained her school swimming certificate. When she was thirteen years old she swam every day in the summer and three times per week in the winter in the Lutetia swimming pool. In addition to swimming she also did stretching exercises, cycling and skiing. She had classical opera dance classes by professor Paul Raymond.
In 1939 she won the 4 x 100 metres relay with her team. She finished third in the 400 metre freestyle. In early 1941, she had measles. On 1 June at Pentecost, she fell off her bicycle and seriously injured her knee. At the 1941 national swimming championships in September she became for the first time national champion. She won the 100 metre freestyle in a time of 1:14 and also the 400 metre freestyle in a time of 5:55.4. On 6 October she broke the French 200m freestyle record with a time of 2:39.5 she swam in Marseille.
In August 1942 she became for the second time French national champion in both the 100 metre freestyle (in 1:13.7) and 400 metre freestyle (in 6:07.4) On 2 September she broke the French 400 metre freestyle record with a time of 5:44.6 she swam in Marseille. In August 1943 she became for the third time national champion in the 400 metre freestyle in a time of 6.02 and in August 1944 she became for the fourth time national champion in the 400 metre freestyle in 6:02. She became that year also for the third time national champion in the 100 metre freestyle in 6:00.2.

Watson confronts Laura Lyons who admits that Charles Baskerville had financed her typewriting business and says she did not meet him on the night of his death. Watson is also confronted by Franklin who claims that he saw the escaped convict on the moor hiding in a old stone hut. Watson decides to investigate and finds the stranger is none other than Holmes! Holmes reveals that his prime suspect is Stapleton, who is the husband not the brother of Beryl. When they hear a scream they run out to find a dead man at the foot of a cliff. It is Sheldon the convict who was wearing Henry Baskerville old clothes. After meeting Stapleton, Holmes and Watson go to Baskerville Hall where Holmes tells Sir Henry to keep his dinner engagement with the Stapletons for the next night, although neither Holmes or Watson can go with Sir Henry as they must leave for London. Instead of leaving for London, Holmes and Watson confront Laura Lyons who is forced to admit that Stapleton had promised marriage to her. The meeting with Sir Charles was to have been a loan connected with her divorce expenses. It was Stapleton who persuaded her not to meet with Sir Charles at the last second and also to keep quiet about the note. Holmes and Watson meet Inspector Lestrade who has a arrest warrant. That night the three men spy on Stapleton and Sir Henry; when Sir Henry leaves to walk home, a gigantic glowing hound nearly attacks him but is killed by Holmes and Watson. At Stapleton's house they find Beryl who has been tied up and beaten by Stapleton. Stapleton flees to the moor but falls into the Grimpen Mire.

Niko Kovač (born 15 October 1971) is a former Croatian football player. He has played for Croatia national team.
He was born in Berlin (Germany) and so he started his career with his local club Hertha Zehlendorf. There he became member of its first team at the age of 17. 1991 he went to Hertha BSC and started his professional career in the Second German League. 1996 he went to Bayer Leverkusen in the German Bundesliga, where he played together with his younger brother Robert. The next clubs were Hamburger SV, Bayern Munich, where he was again teammate of his brother and again Hertha BSC. After the 2006 FIFA World Cup he signed with F.C. Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. On 29 May 2009 he resigned from professional football. His last match was a friendly match of Red Bull Salzburg against Bayern Munich. During his career he played 454 matches and scored 56 goals.
He played from 1996 (versus Monaco) till 2009 for the Croatian national team. He played 83 matches and scored 15 goals. He was part of the Croation team for the FIFA World Cup 2002 and 2006 and the UEFA Euro 2004 and 2008.
2009 he became coach of the second squad of FC Red Bull Salzburg (Red Bull Juniors). In April 2011 he became assistance coach of Ricardo Moniz with the first squad. Then he went on to Croatia where he became coach of the U21 and the national team. After his time with Eintracht Frankfurt he became coach of FC Bayern Munic both in the German Bundesliga. He then became coach of AS Monaco in League 1 but had to go at the beginning of 2022.

Umm Yasmin, of the Centre for Muslim Minorities and Islam, says that feminism is often mistaken as a western movement. According to Yasmin, Muslim feminists have been active since the early nineteenth century. They do not want to change the religion of Islam, but rather "promote gender equality within a secular society". Yasmin also says that Muslim feminists have adapted their view: Islam can be seen in context, in order to speak about men and women being equal; for Islam doesn't condone violence against women. Since the nineteenth century, both men and women have questioned the legal system regarding the Sharia Laws: These laws say that women should wear a veil. They limit their education, and have an effect on women's seclusion, polygyny and concubinage. In this context, seclusion means that women need to stay at home, and that they need to ask for permission to see or talk to other people outside the family. Many Muslim women wanted to change these laws. They have started schools for girls, and have been opposed to veiling and one man being married to several women. In support of Yasmin's argument, Fatema Mernissi says that the fact that the ideal Muslim woman is shown as "silent and obedient" has nothing to do with the message of Islam. In her view, conservative Muslim men manipulated the religious texts of the Qu'ran to keep their patriarchal system. They did this to prevent women from breaking free, also sexually; with it, they justified a strict veiling and a limitation of women's rights.

The 1968 Democratic National Convention of the U.S. Democratic Party was held at the International Amphitheatre in Chicago, Illinois, from August 26 to August 29, 1968. Because President Lyndon B. Johnson had announced he would not seek reelection, the reason of the convention was to select a new presidential nominee to run as the Democratic Party's candidate for the office. The keynote speaker was Senator Daniel Inouye (D-Hawaii). 
Vice President Hubert Humphrey and Senator Edmund S. Muskie of Maine, were nominated for president and vice president.
The convention was held during a year of violence, political turbulence, and civil unrest, particularly riots in more than 100 cities following the assassination of Martin Luther King, Jr. on April 4. The convention also followed the assassination of Democratic presidential hopeful Senator Robert F. Kennedy of New York, who had been murdered on June 5. Both Kennedy and Senator Eugene McCarthy of Minnesota had been running against the eventual Democratic presidential nominee, Vice President Hubert Humphrey. Another candidate was Senator of South Dakota George McGovern.
Chicago's mayor, Richard J. Daley, intended to showcase his and the city's achievements to national Democrats and the news media. Instead, the proceedings became notorious for the large number of demonstrators and the use of force by the Chicago police during what was supposed to be, in the words of the Yippie activist organizers, “A Festival of Life.” Rioting and protesting took place between demonstrators and the Chicago Police Department, who were assisted by the Illinois National Guard. The disturbances were well publicized by the mass media, with some journalists and reporters being caught up in the violence. Network newsmen Mike Wallace and Dan Rather were both roughed up by the Chicago police while inside the halls of the Democratic Convention.

Aurel Stein discovered 5 letters written in Sogdian known as the "Ancient Letters" in an abandoned watchtower near Dunhuang in 1907. One of them was written by a Sogdian woman named Miwnay who had a daughters named Shayn and she wrote to her mother Chatis in Sogdia. Miwnay and her daughter were abandoned in China by Nanai-dhat, her husband who was also Sogdian like her. Nanai-dhat refused to help Miwnay and their daughter after forcing them to come with him to Dunhuang and then abandoning them, telling them they should serve the Han Chinese. Miwnay asked one of her husband's relative Artivan and then asked another Sogdian man, Farnkhund to help them but they also abandoned them. Miwnay and her daughter Shayn were then forced to became servants of Han Chinese after living on charity from a priest. Miwnay cursed her Sogdian husband for leaving her, saying she would rather have been married to a pig or dog. Another letter in the collection was written by the Sogdian Nanai-vandak addressed to Sogdians back home in Samarkand informing them about a mass rebellion by Xiongnu Hun rebels against their Han Chinese rulers of the Western Jin dynasty informing his people that every single one of the diaspora Sogdians and Indians in the Chinese Western Jin capital Luoyang died of starvation due to the uprising by the rebellious Xiongnu, who were formerly subjects of the Han Chinese. The Han Chinese emperor abandoned Luoyang when it came under siege by the Xiongnu rebels and his palace was burned down. Han Chinese men frequently bought Sogdian slave girls for sexual relations.

Cell is an artificial life form (referred to as a "Bio-Android") created by Doctor Gero's supercomputer from the cell sample of the universe's strongest warriors, possessing the genetic information of Goku, Vegeta, Piccolo, Frieza, King Cold and Tien Shinhan in an underground complex beneath Gero's secret laboratory. Cell is designed to evolve into the "perfect" being by absorbing two Androids, #17 and #18. The Cell that appears as the primary antagonist of his titular arc is from the future, awakening after his development is complete to find that the Androids have been destroyed by Trunks. After he kills Trunks, Cell uses his time machine while regressing into an egg to travel back four years, to before the androids appeared, arriving in the present timeline. After hatching and metamorphosing from his larval, cicada-like form into his insect-like Imperfect form, Cell kills off thousands of people and absorbs them to increase his power in preparation to absorb the Androids. After he has managed to absorb the energy of entire cities of people, Cell finds Android #17 during his fight with Piccolo. Cell then breaks Piccolo's neck before Android #16 holds the mechanized villain off. However, he is able to find an opening to absorb #17 and evolves into Semi-Perfect Cell. Cell quickly dispatches #16, but he is unable to absorb #18 thanks to the intervention of Tenshinhan, who holds him back at the cost of his own life force before being rescued by Goku, along with a surviving Piccolo.

Asylum Records is an American record label, owned by Warner Music Group. After several incarnations, today it is primarily oriented towards hip-hop, alternative metal and rock.
Asylum was founded in 1971 by David Geffen and his partner Elliot Roberts, who had previously worked an agent at the William Morris Agency and operated a folk/rock label. They founded their own management company, and when Geffen was unable to secure a recording contract for Jackson Browne, one of his clients at the time, Geffen and Roberts founded Asylum specifically to sign Browne. Asylum's first releases were distributed by Atlantic Records. The same year, Asylum signed John David Souther, Judee Sill, Linda Ronstadt, Joni Mitchell and Glenn Frey (who Geffen encouraged to form The Eagles, with Don Henley, Bernie Leadon, and Randy Meisner.) In 1972, then-folk singer-songwriter Tom Waits signed with the label and released his debut, "Closing Time", in 1973. His fifth and final album for the label, "Heartattack and Vine", was released in 1980. Asylum's crowning achievement was to sign Bob Dylan, who had been with Columbia Records since the early 1960s but, after a falling out with the company, was looking for a new label. Dylan recorded two albums, "Planet Waves" and the live "Before the Flood" for Asylum before returning to Columbia. Columbia reissued Dylan's two Asylum albums in 1981.
In 1972 Asylum was taken over by the then-Warner Communications (now Warner Music Group) and Asylum merged with Elektra Records to become Elektra/Asylum Records. David Geffen received $2 million in cash and $5 million in Warner Communications stock, making it one of the company's largest shareholders. In 1973, Geffen opened the now famous Roxy nightclub on the Sunset Strip in Los Angeles, which became a showcase for many up-and-coming artists. Geffen served as chairman and president of Elektra/Asylum Records until 1975, when he moved into motion pictures and was named vice president of Warner Brothers Pictures.

2013 he took part in his 5th World Championships in Paris. He doesn't won a medal for the second time- in the Quarterfinals he lost to Ma Long. The World Cup 2014 he finished with the 3rd place. At the World Championships 2014 he won silver with the team again, after losing China again. Because of playing very inactive he fell back to place 10 in the world ranking system. 2015 he became for the 10th time German champion and took part in the World Championships in Suzhou, China. In the singles he lost in the Quarterfinals to a Chinese top-player, again- this time Fan Zhendong. In the doubles Boll played for the first time with Ma Long, but they had bad luck with the playing- already in the 2nd round they met the duo Fan Zhendong and Xu Xin. In that year he doesn't played another events. In 2016 he took part in the Olympics, where Timo won bronze with the team again (after London 2012), in the singles he lost already again, against Quadri Aruna. At the European Championships he doesn't played around the title, but reached the semifinal and got so bronze. Because of inactive the last months, he got on place 12 in the world rankings. At the Europe-Top-16 he got the 5th place. 2017 he won for the 11th time the German National Championships, he also took part in the WTTC (World Championships), where he reached the Quarterfinals in the singles, his opponent was Ma Long again. In the doubles, where he took part with Ma Long again, they reached the 2nd round, again. At the China Open he won silver. In 2018 he won the silver medal at the WTTC again.

In 1817 John Leslie (a Scottish mathematician) suggested that primitive societies may have evolved counting with objects (like pebbles) before they had even words to describe the total number of objects involved. The next step in the evolution of counting would have been the discovery that this pile of objects could be reduced into two piles of equal measures (leaving either 0 objects left over or just a remainder of 1). This remainder (odd = 1 or even = 0) would then be recorded and one of the piles removed whilst the second pile was then further divided into two sub piles. If you record the remainder left over after the original pile has been divided in two and continue repeating this process; of sub dividing one of the remaining piles into half and then removing one of those piles and continue by subdividing the remaining pile into two piles you will ultimately be left with just either 2 or 3 objects. If you record the remainder left over (odd = 1 or even = 0) at the end of each reduction you will eventually be left with a tally record of 1's and 0's which will be the binary representation of your original pile of objects. So instead of representing your original pile of objects with a repeating number or marks or tokens (which for large numbers could be quite long) you have reduced your pile of objects into more compact binary number. If you need to recover the original number of objects from this summarised binary number it is easy enough to do; by simply starting with the first tally mark and then doubling it and adding one if the next binary number contains a 1 and then continuing the process until the end of the binary number is reached. So binary counting may be both the oldest and the most modern method of counting.

Nicolae Ceauşescu (; 26 January 1918 – 25 December 1989) was a Romanian communist dictator from 1965 until 1989. After the Romanian Revolution of 1989 he was deposed, tried and publicly executed by a firing squad along with his wife Elena Ceaușescu. He had been the only Communist dictator of Eastern Europe who had been charged for crimes against humanity and genocide during the revolutions of 1989. As of 2024, his execution was the last one on Romanian soil. He joined the Romanian Armed Forces in 1950 just before Soviet-Leader (Ioseb Besarionis dzе Jughashvili) Joseph Stalin died in 1953 during the Korean War from 1950-1953 during the Cold War from 1947-1991 just 5 year’s after World War 2 in Europe and the Pacific War in Asia ended in 1945 after Nazi Germany,Italy,Hungary,Romania,Bulgaria and the Empire of Japan were defeated by Britain, France,the United States Of America and the Soviet Union the Eastern Bloc was formed in 1947 by Joseph Stalin by turning the east of Germany,Poland,Czechoslovakia,Hungary,Romania,Bulgaria and Northern Korea into Communist States in Eastern Europe as East Germany,the Polish People's Republic,the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic,the Hungarian People’s Republic ,the Socialist Republic of Romania,and the People's Republic of Bulgaria and finally North Korea in North East Asia . He joined the Romanian Communist Party in 1950 and became leader in 1965 led by former KGB Officer Leonid Brezhnev until his death in 1982 . Nicolae Ceausescu died in 1989 during the Romanian Revolution of 1989 led by Soviet Leader Mikhail Gorbachev until 1991 when the Eastern Bloc and Soviet Union collapsed.

One of the four main indicators which are usually used to measure successful sustainability is the social aspects available in an area. Often studies into social sustainability include “housing, household structure, paid domestic work, material cultures of home and homelessness”. In attempt to reduce the rate of homelessness in Conwy, Conwy County Borough Council have made a five year strategy in 2013 (Local Housing Strategy). The aims of this strategy included making housing more affordable in attempt to allow the working population, those most likely to be renting homes, to remain in the area as housing is hard to afford. 2,200 homes in Conwy in 2015 were overcrowded as families could not afford large enough houses. Conwy County Borough Council (2015) also reveal that homelessness began to decrease in 2005, however overall, the rate of homeless in Conwy is lower than the national average for Wales. The Conwy Housing Solutions has an online help guide for those who are affected by homelessness and those that are expected to become homeless within 8 weeks and explains how Part 2 of the 2014 Housing (Wales) Act and Conwy County Borough Council (CCBC) can offer help. As well as homelessness in general studies have shown that there is often more homeless females than males and that this pattern is not being investigated enough and also that often, as women have different needs to men, women who are homeless suffer more from the effects of homelessness than men do.
Unemployment levels in Conwy in 2005 were 4% which was higher than the average for Wales at the time. One possible explanation for this could be due to the fact that in many places women still struggle to get jobs in 'male-dominated' fields such as farming and building therefore they often aren't able to get training or if they already have the necessary training they can find anyone to hire them. To try to change the problem with gender inequality in Conwy, CCBC have formed a ‘Strategic Equality Plan’ which was put into action in 2016. This plan attempts to contest gender inequalities in employment, pay and training by 2020.

The best years of the club were between 1990 and 1997. In these years, the club reached the championship three times, played in the UEFA Champions League and played in the 1994 UEFA Cup final versus Inter Milan. They won their first Austrian Bundesliga title the same year, and the next year too. Their first Champions League in 1994 saw them reach the group stage, however, they were eliminated after finishing in third place out of four. In 2005 the Red Bull Company bought the club because the owners were having problems with money. Some traditional fans left the club and started a new club under the old name SV Austria Salzburg. Ever since 2005, the club has been named FC Red Bull Salzburg.
In 2005 the Red Bull Company bought the club because the owners were having problems with money. Some traditional fans left the club and started a new club under the old name SV Austria Salzburg. Ever since 2005, the club has been named FC Red Bull Salzburg. One of the aims of the new owners was to form a team which can play in the UEFA Champions League regularly. This was not reached but the new club was nevertheless successful. In the national league they reached four titles and were four times second. In 2008, they beat FC Banants of Armenia 10-0 on aggregate as part of qualification for the 2008-09 Europa League. In the 2009-10 Europa League the club won their group with 6 victories over Villarreal CF, SS Lazio and Levski Sofia. In the Round of 32 they lost versus Standard Lüttich. Also the next two Euro League group stages were reached. In the 2011–12 Europa League they got second in the group stage behind Athletic Bilbao. Although they lost 1-8 on aggregate to Metalist Kharkiv in the Round of 32, they beat Paris Saint-Germain 2-0 in the group stages.

Vildana Selimbegović was born in Travnik in 1963. She finished elementary school and high school in her hometown. She completed journalism studies at the Faculty of Political Sciences in Sarajevo in early 1987. Then she began her journalist career at Sarajevo's Vecernji novine in 1989. She initially worked for the Sarajevo Chronicle. Then she began reporting for the domestic political section. She was the youngest journalist in the newsroom, and for the next year and a half she followed the union strikes.
Since the beginning of the Bosnian War, she has been reporting for Večernje novine from the front line of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina. During that period, she made about 1,000 field reports from all over Bosnia and Herzgovina. During 1997, as a journalist for "Dani" magazine, she published excerpts from secret court records from the 1994 trial. At here, the defendants described in detail the murders in Kazani. As a result, she received a death threat on the street and on the phone, and the bomb exploded in front of the office. Through her actions and efforts, she helped to memorize the crimes in Kazani. It is one of the initiators of the erection of a memorial at that site.
From 1994 to 2008 she worked at "Dani" magazine. She was editor, assistant editor-in-chief, deputy editor-in-chief, executive editor, deputy director, and on two occasions editor-in-chief (2000–2003, 2005– 2008). As the editor-in-chief of this magazine, she was the first woman in that position in a media outlet since the independence of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Since October 2008, Selimbegović has been the editor-in-chief of "Oslobođenje", the oldest daily in Bosnia and Herzegovina. 
For her professional work and engagement, she was twice named Journalist of the Year in the selection of Women 21 (1997 and 2001). In 1998, she was awarded by the European Union and the USA Government for her works to the development of democracy and respect for human rights. In 2015, she was awarded the SAIS Award for Investigative journalism in the USA. In 2017 she received an award from the Italian association Giavere for her help about respect for human rights, and in the same year she was named Journalist of the Year in Bosnia and Herzegovina.

By 1931 the political situation had changed and the Kroll Opera was shut down. By 1933 the Nazis had gained power and Klemperer left Germany and went to the United States where he took U.S. nationality. He became conductor of the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra (1933-39) and also conducted the New York Philharmonic Orchestra, the Philadelphia Orchestra and the Pittsburg Orchestra. However he was not happy in the United States where the musical culture and music critics were largely out of sympathy with his Weimar modernism and he felt he was not properly valued. He hoped for a permanent position as lead conductor in New York or Philadelphia. But in 1936 he was passed over in both - first in Philadelphia, where Eugene Ormandy succeeded Stokowski at the Philadelphia Orchestra, and then in New York, where Toscanini's departure left a vacancy at the New York Philharmonic but John Barbirolli and Artur Rodzinski were engaged in preference to Klemperer. The New York decision was particularly galling, as Klemperer had been engaged to conduct the first fourteen weeks of the New York Philharmonic's 1935-6 season. Klemperer's bitterness at this decision was voiced in a letter he wrote to Arthur Judson, who ran the orchestra: "that the society did not re-engage me is the strongest offense, the sharpest insult to me as artist, which I can imagine. You see, I am no youngster. I have a name and a good name. One could not use me in a most difficult season and then expel me. This non-reengagement will have very bad results not only for me in New York but in the whole world... This non-reengagement is an absolutely unjustified wrong done to me by the Philharmonic Society."

The Norwegian coastal waters are the most important spawning ground of the herring populations of the North Atlantic, and the hatching occurs in March. The eggs float to the surface and are washed off the coast by the northward current. Whereas a small herring population remains in the fjords and along the northern Norwegian coast, the majority spends the summer in the Barents Sea, where it feeds on the rich plankton. Upon reaching puberty, herring returns to the Norwegian Sea. The herring stock varies greatly between years. It increased in the 1920s owing to the milder climate and then collapsed in the following decades until 1970; the decrease was, however, at least partly caused by overfishing. The biomass of young hatched herring declined from 11 million tonnes in 1956 to almost zero in 1970; that affected the ecosystem not only of the Norwegian Sea but also of the Barents Sea.
Enforcement of environmental and fishing regulations has resulted in partial recovery of the herring populations since 1987. This recovery was accompanied by a decline of capelin and cod stocks. While the capelin benefited from the reduced fishing, the temperature rise in the 1980s and competition for food with the herring resulted in a near disappearance of young capelin from the Norwegian Sea. Meanwhile, the elderly capelin population was quickly fished out. This also reduced the population of cod – a major predator of capelin – as the herring was still too small in numbers to replace the capelin in the cod's diet.

When it comes to factories and the way minority groups were treated, one event that changed how we think was World War l and World War 2. Before WW1(and still even afterward), women were expected to stay in the kitchen and at home doing the chores and caring for the children. World War 1 and 2 changed both the type of work women did and the volume at which they did it. During 1950-1945 over five million women entered the workforce. World War 2 led many women to take jobs in defense plans and factories. These positions offered previously unheard-of opportunities to enter fields traditionally believed to be male-only. Rosie the Riveter was a very well-known cultural icon in the United States who represented women who worked in factories and shipyards during WWI. As women took traditional male jobs in the United States, African American women were able to make their first big shift from domestic employment to work in offices and factories. This was a big monumental event for people of color coming into the workforce. 
When it came to discrimination, women were discriminated against just because they were women. The Brookings website quotes, “Even when we compare men and women in the same or similar occupations who appear nearly identical in background and experience, a gap of about 10 percent typically remains. As such, we cannot rule out that gender-related impediments hold back women, including outright discrimination, attitudes that reduce women’s success in the workplace, and an absence of mentors.” It is unfortunate that a man and a woman can have the same exact resume, experience, and degree but the man would more likely get picked for the job.  Discrimination is not only relevant while women are at work but also in their payroll. Women working full time still earn about 17 less than men, on average, each week.

Kongyamba was thinking about an evil plot against Khamba. But the Gods did not give him any evil hints in his dreams. So, he built a hut. Inside the hut, he tried to connect with a spirit. But he failed. One day, he met fisher women from the Khuman kingdom in the region of Moirang. Both the Khuman kingdom and the Moirang kingdom were in shores of the Loktak lake.
The women came to Moirang besides having their own fishing area. So, Kongyamba asked them the reason for coming to Moirang.
The women told him:<poem>"There is a great bull that lurks among the reeds of the shores of the lake, and it had claimed life of many. So, we dare not to fish there."</poem>
Suddenly, an idea came to Kongyamba's mind. He went to the king. He acted as a person possessed by a divine spirit. Kongyamba told the King,
<poem>"God Thangjing had spoken in my ears and I have his behest upon me. Verily said the God, I am sated with offerings of flesh and fish, but this year, my heart longs for the sweet savour of the flesh of the mighty bull that lurks in the reeds that border the water of the lake. My servant Khamba vows that he will bring it for my honor and for the welfare of the State."</poem>
The king called and asked Khamba about his promise. Khamba denied it. There resulted a great conflict between Khamba and Kongyamba. Later, Khamba told the king he would catch the bull if it was the God’s will.
The king was pleased with Khamba. So, he promised him to give Princess Thoibi hand in marriage if he succeeded in the adventure. Minister Thonglen put seven marks on the lintel post of the capital city. It was the record of the King’s promise.
The king of Moirang sent an embassy to the king of Khuman. The embassy proposed the great sport to be organized. The Khuman king agreed. A grand Colosseum was built. The Colosseum could hold a capacity of the audiences from both the two kingdoms.

He came to football at the age of 14 in 1937. He first played at the youth level in the Pernambuco state championship for the Sport Recife team, where his father Antonio Rodriguez, a retired colonel, was on the board of directors. With the team in 1939, 1940 and 1941 Ademir became the champion of the competition. Among other players, the young mulatto stood out with excellent starting speed and "jet" breakthroughs with the ball, which the Brazilians called the English word "rush". Together with the Pernambuco team, in 1942 Ademir went on tour in Brazil. During the trip, the team met in matches with the strongest clubs in the country. And to the surprise of the organizers of friendly matches, in 16 games the national team won 10 victories. The match with Vasco da Gama turned out to be the most enchanting. At the beginning of the game, the Pernambuco team lost 0-3, but thanks to four goals Ademir was able to win with a score of 5-4. After the match, the owners of the defeated club could not be surprised by the skill of the striker and the same 1942 Ademir moved to "Vasco da Gama". He then became the first Brazilian footballer to receive money for a new team. He played for Vasco for three years, during which time he added another state title to his title, but now not to Pernambuco, but to Rio. The team won this title at the peak of its popularity in 1945. Vasco did not lose a single match in that championship. In 1946 , Ademir moved to another club from Rio de Janeiro, Flamengo, for two years. And together with him he became the champion of the state of Rio. At that time, the striker was a real leader of his team, which beat thanks to his goals of both its main competitors - and "Vasco da Gama" and "Botafogo". And in 1948, Ademir returned to Vasco da Gama and played here until 1956 , the end of his professional football career (next year he will play several matches in his first team - Sport Recife) - but only in the role of the amateur). As part of the team, he became the South American club champion in 1948, won the Rio State Championship three more times, and in 1949 and 1950 became the top scorer in the state championship. He had 30 and 25 goals, respectively.

The development of the first of the two agreements, the Oslo I Accord, which they also call the Declaration of principles on interim self-governing arrangements (DOP), took place in the capital of Norway, Oslo, and was a secret effort to help along the peace process.During the secret negotiations in Oslo, Prime minister Yitzhak Rabin sent Yasser Arafat, from the PLO, a letter and vice versa. The letters, from Yasser Arafat and Yitzhak Rabin respectively, contained the following: the condemnation of terrorism and violence that threatened the Israeli people and their livelihood, the guarantee, by the PLO, that everything would from now on be in compliance with the United Nations Security Council Resolutions 242 and 338 and the acknowledgement that the PLO represented the Palestinian people.This correspondence is considered to be an important element of the accord and indicated the willingness of both parties to recognize each other and further negotiate peace. The signing of the letters took place on 9 and 10 september 1993.Furthermore the Declaration of principles on interim self-governing arrangements (DOP) allowed for the reassessment of the status of territories like Gaza and Jericho, which were occupied and governed by Israel and had no self-determination.The accord demanded the withdrawal of the Israeli army from those places first, but the accord contained the promise, and was considered a starting-point, of a five-year process resulting in more self-determination, although limited, for the Palestinians and the partial withdrawal of the Israeli army from territories in Gaza and the West Bank.The people involved in the negotiations in Oslo came together to discuss Palestine’s future on fourteen different occasions in nine months time.The official signing took place the 13th of september 1993 in Washington and was witnessed by president Bill Clinton. In 1994, again an accord was signed: the Cairo-Accord (Gaza-Jericho-Accord)

Tezpur has a central university (Tezpur University), apart from numerous colleges and schools.It has now received the tag "UNIVERSITY AT PAR EXELLENCE" from UGC (university grants commission). Tezpur also has many school, colleges of very high repute. Darrang college, Tezpur College are the leading colleges.
The Assam Valley School, around 15 km from Tezpur, is a very high standard residential school established by Williamson Magor Group. The school was ranked as the 7th best boarding-school in the country in a survey by an independent magazine. Further, it earned national laurel out of the board performance of its once Head Boy, Gaurav Agarwal, who topped the country in the ISC board in 2008-2009 with 98 percent. Gaurav had, in his class X board exams, secured the first rank in northeast India. In general too the school posts high standards in academics.
Other schools viz. Don Bosco High School,Sacred Heart High School, St. Joseph's Convent High School, Govt Boys Higher Secondary School, Govt Girls Higher Secondary School, Bengali Boys' H S School, Bengali Girls' High School, Guru Nanak Model School, Tezpur Academy, Children's Paradise School and Carmel Residential School are the leading institutes offering good education in the town of Tezpur. By the side of the National Highway[NH-37] at Nikamul,Tezpur, Don Bosco High School has been doing exceptionally good in the educational sector producing exceptional results in the High School Leaving Certificate(H.S.L.C) conducted by the Board Of Secondary Education Assam(SEBA).

Thomas Hobbes (5 April 1588 – 4 December 1679) was a philosopher from England. His most famous book is "Leviathan" (1651).
Hobbes mainly wrote about government and law—he was a political philosopher. He tried to show that the best kind of government has one in which society was organised under one authority. All individuals in that society give up some rights for the sake of protection. There is no doctrine of "separation of powers" in Hobbes's discussion. According to him, the sovereign power must control civil, military, judicial, and ecclesiastical powers.
Looking at human nature, we will see that humans are very selfish and that we are willing to hurt each other if we think it will help us. Naturally, humans are all equal because we are all strong enough to kill each other—even a child can kill a strong man while he sleeps. Imagine what things would be like without a government. It would be terrible—a "state of war". There would not be enough stuff for everyone, and people would disagree about who got what. Some people would fight each other, and everyone else would be very worried about their own safety. No one would be able to trust anyone else or make plans for the future. Life would be "solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short" (people would be alone, poor, mean, and would not live for long). Next, Hobbes argues that it would be a good idea for everyone to stop fighting and choose a Sovereign which could be one man or an assembly of men. Everyone should agree to obey the Sovereign, and give him all power of coercion or force of restraint under law. Once the Sovereign is in place, everyone has to obey him, even those who disagree with him. This is because everyone already agreed to obey him no matter what. Hobbes says it's better to be mostly safe under an all-powerful Sovereign, than to be in a state of war.

The MUTCD's W20 series of signs is for warning signs relating to work zones. These signs are typically orange background ones used for temporary situations. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W21 series of signs is for warning signs relating to road work. They typically have orange backgrounds and are used for temporary situations. As all situations are not covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W22 series of signs is for warning signs relating to blasting zones. They typically have orange backgrounds and are used for temporary situations. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W23 series of signs is for warning signs relating to slow traffic. They typically have orange backgrounds and are used for temporary situations. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W24 series of signs is for warning signs relating to lane shifts, where traffic is diverted slightly toward the left or right of the roadway, but the route is otherwise unchanged. These signs typically have orange background and are used for temporary situations. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
The MUTCD's W25 series of signs is for signs warning that oncoming traffic has an extended green signal at a traffic light. As not all situations are covered, several states have their own standards in addition to the MUTCD.
Guide signs include highway route markers (shields), which are reassurance markers, interchange signs, including advance guide and exit signs, and mile markers. Advance guide and exit signs usually feature control cities or other locations to help direct drivers toward their destinations. The position of the exit number plaque indicates right or left exit (and should indicate center lane exit).

After the 100 years he was in the iceberg with his bison, the story starts when Katara and her brother Sokka free Aang and Appa in the . In the next episode, they all started the trip to the Northern Water Tribe, with hope to find a waterbending master to teach Aang and Katara how to control the water. During their journey they are chased by Zuko, the banished prince of the Fire Nation, who must capture the Avatar to return his honor. In one episode, Aang meets his previous incarnation, Avatar Roku (born on Fire Nation), who said him that he must learn all four bending arts and win Fire Lord Ozai before the end of summer. When the team, named team "Avatar", arrived in the Northern Water Tribe, a Waterbender named Master Pakku teaches Aang (and later Katara) waterbending. Later, in the , Aang meets Toph Bei Fong, a blind earthbending, who becomes his earthbending teacher. Later, Aang and his friends learn about the solar eclipse, which will occur before the end of the summer, and will block the Firebenders powerless. During the season finale, a guru tried to teach Aang how to open up his seven "chakras" in order to control the Avatar State. When Aang has a vision of Katara being in danger, he leaves the Air Temple where he is being taught before the seventh "chakra" is opened, locking it. He then battles in the underground caverns of Ba Sing Se. He is killed when Azula strikes him with lightning, but is brought back to life thanks to Katara's special water that has healing abilities, and also her healing abilities.

This room is filled with mirrors, similar to that of a house of mirrors. Taylor is seen walking through the room while Gray seemingly follows him. Taylor then focuses on Gray and makes a waving gesture to seemingly establish if it's a mirror. Gray then gets aggravated, looks up and hits the mirror viciously, and Taylor is seen looking at a broken mirror and a reflection of himself. Taylor after he looks himself in the mirror, screams and looks around anxiously before he falls backwards out Paul Gray's rooms door and lands into a fifth room, which is occupied by percussionist Shawn Crahan. Crahan is seen with several females dancing around him while holding his baseball bat. Taylor is seen returning to his feet and he pushes his way through the crowd. Two of the females are seen trying to physically stop him from leaving the room by grabbing his clothes. Taylor then enters a sixth room which is a thin, blank corridor occupied by guitarist Mick Thomson. The two seemingly stand off, Taylor is seen trying to push past Thomson several times but is knocked backward several times with. Taylor is then seen stood at another door, as if Thomson was simply a mirage. He enters a seventh room which is occupied by guitarist James Root, Root is seen with several females in a room which is classically decorated. Throughout this room the video is reversed. Taylor is seen walking through the crowd almost unnoticed. He then enters an eighth room which is occupied by percussionist Chris Fehn. Fehn is seen lighting candles in the room which has walls covered in art. Taylor is seen observing and gaining interest in his actions while a female is seen walking around the room. Fehn is then seen lighting a candle and gives it to Taylor who blows it out. Taylor is then seen in casual clothes again outside in the rain digging, when a second Taylor rises from the hole dressed in his Slipknot mask and uniform, and the two see each other as it fades to black.

Under this dynasty the Western Islamic empire included present-day Morocco, Western Sahara, Mauritania, Gibraltar, Tlemcen (in Algeria) and a great part of what is now Senegal and Mali in the south, and Spain and Portugal to the north in Europe. At its greatest extent, the empire stretched 3,000 kilometres from Zaragoza in the north to Senegal in the south (an all-time latitude spanner until Spanish America). The Almoravids originated as a Sunni Islamic revivalist movement in present day northern Mauritania and gradually evolved into a military confederation. The Almoravids started to subjugate Senegal and then started expanding northwards. They first captured southern and central Morocco and then took Marrakesh and started to proclaim themselves as an Islamic caliphate. They gathered many soldiers from the Tuareg tribe of Berbers. They then completed the conquest of Morocco by conquering the northern tip of Morocco and reached Ceuta. After conquering Morocco, they established their power base in Morocco rather than their original home, Mauritania. This was due to the isolation of Mauritania and the urbaneness of Morocco perfect for ruling empires. They then began to rule from Morocco after completing the conquest of the country and continued to further expand. Due to calls of help from the Andalusian taifas in Iberia, they expanded into Iberia and conquered the territory of the Islamic taifas there. After their conquest, they implemented Sharia law in all of their conquered territories. They proclaimed a "jihad" against the Christian Iberian kingdoms and met them at the Battle of Sagrajas where they decisively crushed the Christian army turning the tide of the "Reconquista". The Almoravids veiled themselves below the eyes with a tagelmust, a custom they adapted from southern Sanhaja Berbers. (This can still be seen among the modern Tuareg people, but it was unusual further north.) Although practical for the desert dust, the Almoravids insisted on wearing the veil everywhere, as a badge of "foreignness" in urban settings, partly as a way of emphasizing their nomadic origins. It served as the uniform of the Almoravids. They wore the veil covering their entire face with the exception of their eyes due to their nomadic desert Saharan origins. The empire reached its territorial extent under the reigns of Yusuf ibn Tashfin and Ali ibn Yusuf.

Diarrhea is another common symptom of lactose intolerance. The unabsorbed lactose draws water into the colon, leading to loose, watery stools. While diarrhea is a common symptom of lactose intolerance, some individuals may experience constipation instead. This occurs when the undigested lactose slows down the movement of stool through the digestive tract. Nausea and vomiting may occur in individuals who are lactose intolerant. When lactose remains undigested, it can cause irritation to the lining of the stomach, leading to various symptoms of lactose intolerance. Abdominal pain and cramps are also the symptoms of lactose intolerance. These may range from mild discomfort to severe pain. In some cases, lactose intolerance can lead to headaches. The reason for this is not clear, but it may be due to the inflammation caused by undigested lactose in the gut. Fatigue is another symptom that may occur in individuals with lactose intolerance. This is due to the inflammation caused by undigested lactose, which can lead to a general feeling of tiredness. In rare cases, lactose intolerance may cause skin problems such as eczema and acne. This is thought to be due to the inflammation caused by undigested lactose in the body. Anemia is a medical condition characterized by an insufficient number of red blood cells in the body. In some cases, lactose intolerance may lead to anemia due to the malabsorption of nutrients caused by undigested lactose. Weight loss is a rare symptom of lactose intolerance. This occurs when the individual avoids dairy products altogether, leading to a decrease in calorie intake.

Nostradamus was born as de Nostredame sometime in December 1503, somewhere located in Provence, Kingdom of France (in modern-day France). His first name was only given to him, when he was baptised as Michel (French for "Michael"). While it is disputed how many children his parents had, it is known thst they had at least 9 children. Michel was the son of a notary named Jaume de Nostredame and his spouse Reynière de Nostredame. Reynière was the granddaughter of Pierre de Saint-Rémy, who worked as a physician in Saint Rémy. Jaume and his family originally celebrated Judaism as their religion, but his father, Cresquas Gassonet, a grain and money dealer who worked in Avignon, had converted to Roman Catholicism sometime in the second half of the 15th century, abandoned his Jewish name, and took the French name Pierre de Nostredame. Nostredame in French means Our Lady. The other family members followed in his footsteps and converted, as well, to Roman Catholicism, abandoned their Jewish names, and took the surname "de Nostredame". The earliest ancestor in Michel's father's line is identified as Astruge of Carcassonne. Astruge died around 1420.
Michel's known siblings include Delphine de Nostredame (year of birth unknown; and year of death unknown), Jean I (born in approximately 1507; and died in 1577), Pierre (year of birth unknown; and year of death unknown), Hector (year of birth unknown; and year of death unknown), Louis (year of birth unknown; and year of death unknown), Bertrand (born in 1511; and died in 1602), Jean II (born in 1522; and year of death unknown), and Antoine (born in 1523; and died in 1597). Other than this information, little is known about his childhood. 
There is a tradition that when Michel was a child, he was educated by his mother's grandfather named Jean de Saint-Rémy. However, historical records show that Jean disappeared from records in 1504, in Michel's first year of life, making him still too little. 
This made some people to believe that Jean died shortly after disappearing from historical records.

In Europe, the lightning rod was invented by a theologian and natural scientist, Václav Prokop Diviš, between 1750 and 1754. He is the inventor of the first grounded lightning rod, which he erected on 15 July 1754 in the garden of his home in Přímětice u Znojma. It consisted of 400 sharp metal spikes attached at the top of a 42 m tall supporting pylon. The structure was fastened by three metal chains, conductively attached to the iron grounding cones buried in the packed down soil. He described his 'weather machine' in the treatise 'Descriptio machinae meteorologicae'. The original idea was to continually sap the electricity out of the clouds and so actually "prevent" the lightning and the storms, only in case this failed, the machine should have also been able to directly attract the lighting and channel it to the ground. He proposed his machine to be used on church towers and ships. He was sending his observations regarding the machine operation to Jan Antonín Scrinci, the physics professor at the Charles University in Prague, who published them in 'Prager Postzeitungen', 'Brünner Intelligenz-Zettel' and in 'Stuttgartisches Journal'. The machine is also mentioned by Leonhard Euler in 'Lettres à une Princesse d' Allemagne'. In 1755 Diviš asked the Emperor Ferdinand I of Austria to let him build more machines on several places for the welfare of the people. The emperor let the mathematicians in Vienna judge the proposal, but they refused it. Abbé Marci, court mathematician and Diviš' friend commented: 'Blasphemant, quae ignorant' (condemning what they do not know). In 1756 the machine was damaged by wind and then rebuilt, and then on 10 March 1760, angry villagers of Přímětice tore down the structure, blaming Diviš for drought which struck the region that year. Later in the year, after the summer during which the thunderstorms did a lot of damage to the fields and vineyards, the people besought him to rebuild the machine, which he did in the precinct of Loucky monastery, and built another one on the top of the church tower in Přímětice.

Late on August 22, an area of low pressure developed to the west of Guam. At midnight that day, the system became sufficiently well organized that the JMA started tracking it as a tropical depression. On August 23, the system moved into an environment of low wind shear and warm sea surface temperatures prompting the JTWC to issued a TCFA on it. By August 25, the system grew strong enough that the JMA upgraded it to a tropical storm, naming it "Talas". Later that day, the JTWC followed suit and initiated advisories on Talas. Talas continued to strengthen and by midnight that day, it became a severe tropical storm. Over the next few days, Talas continued to drift north very slowly until late on August 29, when the JMA upgraded Talas to a typhoon. Soon, a subtropical ridge to the west of the storm weakened and the subtropical ridge to the east of the system pushed Talas to the west. As a result, Talas accelerated towards the west maintaining strength and outflow. An upper-level cyclone over the system suppressed the convection and kept it from reaching the center. Therefore, Talas remained weak and did not strengthen further. Convection never managed to consolidate the center and convective banding remained well away from the fully exposed low-level circulation center. The convective banding continued to expand more and more with the outer rainbands already brushing parts of Japan. Coastal areas in the nation have already reported gale-force winds several hours before landfall, while the Omega block continued to drive Talas towards the nation. Land interaction weakened Talas, prompting the JMA to downgrade Talas from a typhoon to a severe tropical storm with winds of under . Early on September 3, Talas made landfall over Aki, Japan. After landfall, Talas accelerated north at over and its central convection became significantly eroded and was displaced to the northeast as Talas was exposed to a very strong wind shear of over that made the LLCC very distorted and difficult to pin-point. Talas was embedded in a baroclinic zone and the JTWC anticipated an extratropical transition, which prompted them to issue their final warning on the system. On September 5, the JMA issued their final warning on the system, reporting that Talas has become extratropical on the Sea of Japan.

Hiller, the author of "Two Trojan Wars? On the destructions of Troy VI and VII" reminds us that our trust in a historical Trojan War is rooted in Homer. Homer is not a historian but, rather, a poet. Hiller also said that because Homer is a poet, part of his role in creating content is exaggerating for better effect, and therefore evidence in support of a Trojan War needs to be independent of Homer’s epic. It was extremely unlikely that a civilization would declare war and gather a fleet of hundreds of ships over a dispute of a woman, the original belief of the spark of conflict However, Bronze Age kings occasionally were willing to go to war over the abduction of one of their subjects, and even more so when that subject was a family member. Excavations were done. The first step in establishing the physical location of the war is to find a clearly identifiable location for the war. This has not been done, although, currently Hisarlik is seen as the most identifiable. Even so, Heinrich Schliemann favored other locations as the official site of Troy before settling on Hisarlik. Schliemann, perhaps the archaeologist most involved with the search of Troy, began excavations in Hisarlik in 1871. Because Troy is made of several settlements, another challenge was finding which of the layers were the most likely to match up with the war. Schliemann believed one of the earliest layers would have to be the site of Troy. Without much prior knowledge on excavation, Schliemann had his crew dig a trench through the site, which resulted in the destruction of several of the upper layers.

On May 28, the NHC started to monitor the storm again and on 11:00 am EDT (1500 UTC), they declared the storm to be a tropical cyclone and named it Tropical Depression One. At that time, the storm's location was about 310 mi (500 km) south of Providence, Rhode Island. After it was named as a depression, the storm showed deep convection and the center of circulation was at the northwestern part of the storm. The reason why the depression restrengthened was because of lower wind shear and warmer ocean waters from the Gulf Stream. Later that day, the depression started to weaken when it moved into an area with higher wind shear and colder ocean waters. Around 7:30 pm EDT (2330 UTC), a QuikSCAT satellite flew over the depression and found tropical storm-force winds. But the NHC thought the depression didn't strengthen and that winds were affected by rain. After the satellite passed over the depression, the center of circulation moved closer to the northwest edge of the storm and convection started to decrease.
On May 29, the depression almost became a tropical storm, when the storm's strength was measured at T2.5, or 40 mph (65 km/h) using the Dvorak technique. But some of the measurements were also low as T1.5, which was the reason why the NHC didn't call it a tropical storm. After a quick burst of convection during the night, thunderstorm clouds inside the depression started to disappear by 3:00 am EDT (0700 UTC). By then, the tropical depression was no longer expected to strength anymore and was forecasted to weaken. A few hours later, the center of circulation was ripped apart by strong wind shear while a nearby trough also started to absorb the rest of the storm. With no convection around the center of the storm, it became a remnant low during the afternoon. At 5:00 pm EDT (2100 UTC), the NHC gave out its last advisory on Tropical Depression One. The remains of the storm were later taken in by a warm front around 2 am EDT (0600 UTC).

Gilli "िगल्ली" -danda "डन्डा" is a game played by children in South Asia. It is usually played by using a small round stick, about as long as a baseball or cricket bat. This is the "danda". There is another smaller stick, round in the middle and tapering towards the ends. This is the "gilli". The game gilli-danda is similar to cricket. It is also believed to be the origin of cricket.
This game is also know as "Viti Dandu", "Kitti Pul" and by other variations as well. It is a sport originated from the Indian subcontinent and is also played in the rural areas as well as in small towns over southern Asia, Cambodia, Turkey, South Africa, Italy, Poland and in some Caribbean Islands like Cuba.
To play the game, one team uses the "danda" to hit one of the tapered ends of the "gilli" with force. This causes the "gilli" to flip through the air. While the "gilli" is airborne, the opposing team's hitter attempts to smack it like one would as if playing cricket. The one who hits the "gilli" the farthest will wins. It is played with two teams. One side pitches the "gilli" using the big "danda" (not the bare hands), to the other team's hitter. The hitter, using his "danda" then hits the "gilli". In the course of the play, if the "gilli" is caught, then those players who pitched with the big "danda" to the hitter, are out of the game.If the gilli falls on the ground the fielder closest to the gilli gets an opportunity to make the hitter out.He has to throw the gilli towards the danda if the danda is been hit by the gilli it means the striker is out if not then the fielder gains 1 point.When the striker gains 1 point he will get 3 tries to hit the danda if the gilli still doesn't hit the danda the striker is out.If he is successful,the 1 point which he gained will continue.At the end who has the maximum points wins the game.It was most popularly played around 1970 to 1980 throughout India and Pakistan and is played to this day.

There are many theories regarding their origin. Most of them link the Ahirs to a people known to the ancients as the Abhiras, the term Ahir being a Prakrit form of the Sanskrit word Abhira, meaning (fearless or cowherd Gopa). The Greek writers Peripleus and Ptolemy have mentioned Aberia (considered by some scholars to be a settlement of the Abhiras) as part of IndoScythia, which included practically the whole region along the lower course of the Indus. By the middle of the second century before Christ, the Abhira country was overrun by Bactrian Greeks from the north. Thus driven, the Abhiras moved south and established many centres of influence. Some authorities are of the view that the Abhiras were a dynamic race of nomadic cowherds from central or East Asia who swarmed into India through the Punjab around the same time as the Sakas, the Parthians and the Kushans in the second or first century before Christ. There are others who believe that the Ahirs are of Dravidian origin and were well established in the country before the Aryan invasion. While the origin of the Abhiras or Ahirs is thus immersed in controversy, there is no doubt that their assimilation with the Yadavas was complete by the twelfth century. It is likely that the name 'Haryana' is itself derived from the word Ahir. The Yadavas dominated the plains between the Sutlej and the Jamuna when the epic battle of Mahabharata was fought at Kurukshetra, north-west of Kama. Their hold over the region must have lasted many centuries after that battle till most of them were pushed out of their homelands by waves of invaders from the north-west during the early years of the Christian era. This was, however, only a temporary set-back. In course of time we find the Yadavas coming into their own, under different names, in the lands they moved into. The Yadava clans that set up their own kingdoms in Southern India include such famous names as the Mauryas, Shalivahanas, Chalukyas, Rashtrakutas, the Yadavas of Devagiri, Hoysalas and Halebidis of Karnataka.

The earth has seven dragon balls, and each dragon ball has one to seven stars, and the seven dragon balls are scattered all over the world. When someone collects all the dragon balls, he can summon Shenlong. At this time, he can make a wish, and Shenlong will help you realize it. A certain village is holding a handover ceremony for the new village head, and the process also includes a town treasure "Dragon Ball". At this time, the alien Bull Demon King suddenly descended from the sky, led his men to break into the village, and successfully captured the Dragon Ball. Because the Bull Demon King knows that as long as he gets seven dragon balls, he hopes to control all mankind, and now he has got two dragon balls. So the Bull Demon King sent Sparta and Maria to search for the five Dragon Balls scattered in other places in order to realize his dream of conquering the world. Bull Demon King's subordinates found the four-star dragon ball from Sun Wufan, killed Sun Wuhan and took the dragon ball away. Goku, who just met the girl, finds Gohan dead, feels very sad and wants to take revenge. On the way, they meet Leping and Oolong, and prepare to challenge the Bull Demon King with Guixianren. In the end, it was found that Sun Wuhan was not dead, and it was revealed that the Dragon Balls were all in the belly of the Bull Demon King. Wukong used the golden cudgel to drive the last dragon ball into the belly of the bull devil, thus summoning the dragon. So the daughter of the village chief at the beginning of the movie made a wish to bring everyone back to life, and everyone was happy.

Ahaseurus asks for his wife Queen Vashti to come to his feast with her crown on but she refuses so Ahaseurus’s advisor Memuchan tells him to make a law that every man is his wifes master and that he get rid of Vashti. Ahaseurus does but he wants to get a new wife and ends up marrying Esther She opts not to disclose to him that she is. Jewish because Mordechai told her it would be dangerout if anyone knew. Esther then warned Ahaseurus that his servants Bigtan and Teresh were trying to poison him so Ahaseurus had them executed. Esther told Ahaseurus that Mordechai was the one who told her about the plan. Ahaseurus made Haman his advisor and gave him the power to make his own laws as if he were the king. When Esther came to Ahaseurus without an invitation, a crime punishable by death, Ahaseurus let her and gave her the feast she asked for with Haman there too. Then Ahaseurus remembered that he did nothing to reward Mordechai for saving him so he had Haman take him on a horse across the city saying “this shall be done for the man whom the king wishes to honour”. At the second feast, Esther told Ahaseurus that she was a Jew and that Haman wanted to kill her and her people. While Ahaseurus’s servant Charbonnah told Ahaseurus that Haman was planning to kill Mordechai. So Ahaseurus had Haman hanged on the gallows Haman had built to kill Mordechai and gave Mordechai Haman’s job. Moredechai and Esther asked Ahaseurus to cancel the law Haman had made and Ahaseurus told them that he couldn’t so he instead gave Mordechai the same power he had given Haman so Mordechai could give the Jews the right of self-defence so that they could use violence to fight back against and kill their enemies on the day Haman had chosen for the Jews to die. So after the Jews won, the Jews started to celebrate their victory with a holiday called Purim.

Terry was accidentally tripped by Cirie's torch and yelled at her while she was taking care of the bonfire, but Aras protected her, saying that it was an accident. This left Terry further separated from the rest of the tribe. Aras, having won the Reward Challenge, chose to take Cirie on a luxurious yacht trip through the Panama Canal; but not before leaving with a argument with Terry as he said he was complaining every time he lost challenges and said "disparaging comments about women." Both Terry and Danielle were sent to Exile Island for losing the Challenge. During their trip, Aras and Cirie talked about how they wanted to be in the Final 2 together; while Danielle and Terry also talked about their fate in the game while they were on Exile Island. Soon after returning from their reward, Cirie built her first fire. In the Immunity Challenge, Cirie and Terry were putting up a good fight but Aras ultimately won the challenge, ending Terry's Immunity winning streak. Before the tribal council, Aras apologized for what he had said after the Reward Challenge, which Terry accepted. Meanwhile, Cirie and Danielle practiced making fire, since they thought this would be the tiebreaker if there was a tie. In the end, the guess proved right as the vote did end up tied between Danielle and Cirie. With Terry not wanting to give Danielle the Hidden Immunity Idol, she and Cirie will have a fire-making challenge. However right before they started, the scene was cut, ending this episode leaving the viewers hanging.

Smith was revealed as the Eleventh Doctor in the British science-fiction television series "Doctor Who" in January 2009 to replace David Tennant, who announced that he left in October 2008. Smith was not as well known as many of the actors who were thought to be likely to get the part. These included Paterson Joseph, David Morrissey, Sean Pertwee, James Nesbitt, Russell Tovey, Catherine Zeta Jones, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Robert Carlyle and Billie Piper.
Smith was one of the first actors to audition for the role. Producer Steven Moffat and BBC Wales Head of Drama and executive producer, Piers Wenger immediately liked him for the part. Smith had auditioned for the role of John Watson in the Moffat-created "Sherlock" at the same time. He did not get the part of Watson because Moffat believed his acting style was closer to Sherlock Holmes but they had already cast Benedict Cumberbatch as Holmes. At 26 years old, Smith was three years younger than Peter Davison was at the time of his casting as the Doctor in 1981. He was younger than any other actor suggested for the role. After three weeks of auditions, Moffat and Wenger agreed that it had "always been Matt". The BBC were was not certain that a 26-year-old could not play the Doctor correctly. Some fans of the show believed that Smith was too young for the role. Others supported him based on what he had shows of his acting ability. For his work in his first series he was nominated in the "Outstanding Drama Performance
Category" of the National Television Awards.

The ancient Greeks believed that Egyptian gods and goddesses were the descendants of their gods and goddesses. In ancient Greek Mythology, when the titan Typhon was set free, all of the Greek gods (except for Hermes and Zeus) fled to Egypt. In Greece, many of the gods made themselves turn into animals to hide themselves from Typhon. 
Egypt had a developed view of the afterlife with rituals for preparing the body and soul for a peaceful life after death. Beliefs about the soul and afterlife focused mainly on preserving the body. This was because they believed that the "ka" (a part of a person's soul that was depicted as a bird with a persons head) was still living in the body after death and it was important for the ka to be reunited with the ba, the spirit or soul to form the akh. This meant that embalming and mummification were done, in order to preserve the person's identity in the afterlife. Originally the dead were buried in reed coffins in the hot sand, which caused the remains to dry quickly, and then were buried. Later, they started constructing wooden tombs, and the long process of mummification was developed by the Egyptians around the 4th Dynasty. All soft tissues were removed, and the cavities washed and packed with natron, then the outer body was buried in natron as well. The heart was the only organ left within the body as it was believed the heart had to be weighed in the underworld to see if the person was worthy of a peaceful afterlife. The other organs were placed in 'canopic jars' which had seals depicting the heads of the Gods that guarded the intestines: Imsety,an Egyptian man who guards the liver, Hapi, a baboon who guards the lungs, Duamutef, a jackal who guards the stomach and Qebehsenuef, a falcon who guards the intestines.

The baseball field, or "diamond", has two main parts, the infield and the outfield. The "infield" is where the four bases are. The "outfield" is beyond the bases, from the view of home plate. The lines from home plate to first base and home plate to third base are the "foul lines", and the ground outside of these lines is called "foul territory". A ball that is hit with a bat and flies between the foul lines is a "fair ball", and the batter and runners can try and run around the bases and score. A ball that is outside the foul lines is a "foul ball". If the ball hits the ground in the foul area rather than being caught in the air, the batter continues to bat, and any runners must return to the base that they were on before the ball was hit. If the batter has fewer than two strikes, a foul ball counts as a strike. If the batter already has two strikes, and the foul ball is not caught in the air, then the batter continues to hit. If a ball is caught by a fielder in fair or foul ground, the batter is out.
The most important part of the game is between the "pitcher" and the "batter". The pitcher throws, or "pitches", the ball towards home plate. The pitcher normally throws the ball close enough for the batter to hit it. If the pitcher throws the ball in the strike zone, which is the area over home plate and between the hitter's knee and chest, the pitch is a "strike", unless the batter hits the ball. The pitch is always a strike, regardless of where it is, if the batter swings the bat and misses, so the batter must have good aim with the bat. Three strikes are a "strikeout", and this is one way to make an "out". A pitch that the batter does not swing at, and which is not called a strike, is a "ball." On the fourth "ball" thrown by a pitcher, the batter "walks" to first base, so it is important to pitch well.

Most people all think that because Zosima was so holy, his body will not decay, and some miracle will happen. It shocks everybody when Zosima’s body begins to have a bad smell and decay very quickly after his death. His enemies rudely say this means Zosima was not a saint but an evil person in disguise: for instance, crazily tries to make demons go out of Zosima’s room. Alyosha is very, very shocked and feels even angry that God could let such a wise,holy and good man like Zosima be so humiliated. He feels doubtful and sad, and without thinking, says yes when Rakitin makes him visit Grushenka. Rakitin and Grushenka both wanted Alyosha to be “sinful” like them. But instead of his becoming defiled (dirty), Alyosha and Grushenka become comforted by each other. They become friends: Grushenka makes Alyosha have faith and hope again after Zosima’s death, and Alyosha helps the confused Grushenka spiritually. That night, he sees Zosima in a dream, and Zosima tells him he has done a good deed for Grushenka. He wakes up standing, and going outside, falls down and kisses the earth, like how Zosima died: “He did not know why he was hugging the earth, why he could not kiss it enough, why he longed (wanted) to kiss it all…He kissed it again and again, drenching (making wet) with his tears, vowing (promising) to love it always, always…He was a weak youth when he fell on the ground, and he rose a strong and determined fighter. He knew it…And never, never thereafter (after that) would Alyosha forget that moment.”

In Croatian, nouns change form depending on the composition of the sentence. This is called declension. For people who are learning Croatian, declension is the most difficult part of the language to master. It is very complicated and time-consuming to explain it and because of that we will use simpler techniques. However, many languages have noun and pronoun declension, including English. In English, though, only pronoun declension now remains. Let us start by explaining all of the seven Croatian grammatical cases. The technique that is most frequently used in determining grammatical cases (the same technique is used in Croatian schools when taught to children) is by asking yourself a question when you are trying to figure out which case a noun should be in. In Croatian, grammatical cases are called padeži (plural) and padež (singular).
The question you will ask yourself here is: “Where is Krešimir going?”. And the answer is that he's going to school. By looking at the table below you will see that the question 'where' is used for the Locative case.
Croatian nouns are divided into three genders: the masculine, feminine and neuter gender. To know a noun's gender is very important because it affects all the words in a sentence that are tied to the noun, such as adjectives. A gender is determined by the noun's ending (with some exceptions). This makes it easier to tell what gender a noun is without memorizing the gender of every word. See the table below.
Nouns retain their gender in plural. For instance, even though the noun 'žene' (women) ends in -e, it is of the feminine gender.

About eight months after River and Simon have joined "Serenity's" crew, the ship's captain Malcolm "Mal" Reynolds takes River with him to rob a bank. While they are robbing the bank, Reavers attack. After they escape back to "Serenity", Simon argues with Mal. Mal decides to leave Simon and River at their next stop. While at their next stop, River starts a fight that is started by a subliminal message broadcast by the Alliance in a commercial. Mal lets Simon and River keep traveling on "Serenity" while the crew talks to a techno-geek known as Mr. Universe. Mr. Universe lives on a planet inside a giant cloud of objects in space that does not let people see there is a planet there. Mr. Universe watches a video of the fight and finds the subliminal message. He also sees that River said the name "Miranda." Mal gets a call from Inara, a former passenger. He knows it is a trap, but also knows that she must be in danger. Mal goes to her. He is confronted by the Operative. The Operative tells Mal that he will let him go if Mal turns River over to him. Mal refuses and they escape from the Operative and go back to "Serenity". The crew finds out that "Miranda" is an unknown planet near the edge of the solar system. To get to Miranda, they would have to cross into Reaver territory. They think this is too dangerous. "Serenity" instead goes to Haven which is home to another former passenger, Shepherd Book. When they get to Haven, the crew sees that it has been attacked by the Alliance. They also see that Shepherd Book was hurt very bad and dying. The Operative sends a message saying he did it. He said he will keep doing things like it until River is given to him.

Asiago offers many outdoor activities such as hiking and skiing. There are 500 km of ski slopes and 260 km of biking trails (the Plateau Grand Tour). Many tourists are also attracted by the opportunity to taste local foods and visit historical sites from the first World War. Since 2003, the number of tourists has been decreasing every year. In 2015, 174,139 tourists visited Asiago.
Asiago is the birthplace and the place of production of Asiago cheese. Production dates back to the 11th century. During the first World War the method of production was changed in order to feed the growing number of soldiers present on the plateau. This led to the development of the modern version of Asiago cheese, which is now popular around the world. The town of Asiago is the fifth major site of cheese production in Italy, exporting primarily to Switzerland and the United States. The production and origin of Asiago cheese are established under European union rules and guaranteed by a P.D.O. (protected designation of origin) label.
In 2016, the population of Asiago was 6,426. Following a common trend in Italian mountain communities, the population has decreased in number and has become older in age in the last few decades.
Asiago is connected by road to the cities of Vicenza, Trento and Bassano. Regular bus services connect Asiago to near towns and cities. The closest international airports are the ones of Verona and Venice. Asiago is also the site of a small airfield, which is a popular destination for flying in from Northern Italy, Southern Germany and Southern Austria.
The observatory of Asiago is home to the largest optical telescope in Italy, and it is operated by the University of Padua. It was built in 1942, and it’s located at an altitude of 3428 feet (1.045 meters).

Turkish Airlines Flight 981 was a regular flight operated by Turkish Airlines, from Istanbul to London Heathrow, with a stopover in Paris. On 3 March, 1974, the McDonnell Douglas DC-10 operating the flight suffered an explosive decompression and crashed into the Ermenonville Forest, shortly after it had left Paris. All 346 people on board were killed in the accident. An investigation after the crash found out that one of the cargo doors at the rear of the aircraft was not properly closed and secured. After takeoff, part of the door broke off and caused an explosion in the rear of the aircraft. The explosion also damaged cables needed to fly the aircraft. This meant that after the explosion, the aircraft was uncontrollable.
A McDonnell Douglas DC-10, flying as American Airlines Flight 96, had experienced an explosive decompression in the aft cargo hold in June 1972. American Airlines Captain McCormick had managed to land the plane safely. On the ground, it was discovered the rear cargo door had opened in flight. This caused damage to the fuselage, but not the explosive damage in the case of Turkish Flight 981. The two planes were also configured differently above the baggage compartment. There were three rows of extra seats added to TC-JAV, which added a greater overall load to the floor. When the cargo door blew out, the additional seats and passengers were ejected from the plane. Both flights experienced uncontrolled explosive decompression when the cargo door latches failed.

At the beginning of 1949, the president of the America club from the city of Fortaleza, Livio Correia Amaro, managed to convince Cecilio that his son went to this team to play football professionally after showing the president his great skills and dribbling. He immediately began to stand out for his game and even played for the national team of the state of Ceara. In April 1954, Canhoteiro moved to São Paulo, who paid 100,000 cruzeiro for the striker's transfer. He made his debut for the team on 8 April against Corinthians, where he beat the club's defender, Idario, 14 times. At the club, Canhoteiro ousted Teixerinho from the squad. On April 18, he already scored the first goal for the club, hitting the Linense goal. The following year, the winger helped the team win the Small World Cup, and two years later, win the Sao Paulo State Championship. In 1960, the striker was part of the São Paulo team that played the first game of the newly built Morumbi Stadium with Montevideo 's Nacional; the national team beat the Uruguayan team with a score of 3:0, and Canhoteiro scored one of the goals. In the same year, the footballer suffered a very serious knee injury, which was inflicted on him by the Corinthians player Homero Oppi. The winger recovered from the injury, but he could no longer show his former level. In total, for Sao Paulo, he spent 415 games (230 wins, 95 draws and 90 losses), of which 338 matches in starting lineup, and 105 goals, according to third data, he spent 415 matches in the team and scored 103 goals. In 1963, Cañoteiro left for Mexico, to the Nacional club. There he played until 1965, and then spent two seasons in Toluca, where he scored 7 goals. Then the player returned to Brazil, signing a contract with Nacional". He later played for Saad and Araras.

Lillian Diana Gish (October 14, 1893 – February 27, 1993) was an American actress. She was born in Springfield, Ohio. Gish came from a Episcopalian and Lutheran religious background. She was a descendant of a colonial minister and a Revolutionary War hero. Lillian was very young when her father abandoned his family. She and her sister Dorothy joined the acting profession with their mother. In 1912, their friend Mary Pickford introduced the sisters to D. W. Griffith. They got contracts with Biograph Studios. The sisters debuted in Griffith's short movie "An Unseen Enemy" in 1912. Lillian starred in many of Griffith's most famous movies. These included "The Birth of a Nation", "Intolerance", "Broken Blossoms", "Way Down East", and "Orphans of the Storm". One of the famous images of Gish's silent movie years is the climax of "Way Down East". Her character floats unconscious on an ice floe towards a waterfall, her long hair floating in the water. She made "talkies" (movies with sound), too. Her sound movie work was off and on. She was in the controversial western "Duel in the Sun" and "Night of the Hunter". She did a lot of television work from the early 1950s until the 1980s. At the end of her career she appeared with Bette Davis in the 1987 movie "The Whales of August". She never married or had children. She died in her sleep of natural causes on February 27, 1993. She is buried next to her sister Dorothy at Saint Bartholomew's Episcopal Church in New York City. Gish's career lasted 75 years, from 1912 to 1987. She was given the nickname "The First Lady of American Cinema". The American Film Institute (AFI) named Gish 17th among the greatest female stars of all time. She received an Honorary Academy Award in 1971. In 1984 she received an AFI Life Achievement Award.

Tropical Storm Arlene in April was the first storm of the season that formed on April 19. This was the third consecutive season in which storms form before the official start of the hurricane season. In late August, Hurricane Harvey became the first major hurricane to make landfall in the United States since Wilma in 2005 and the first Category 4 hurricane since Charley in 2004. It also tied the record for the costliest tropical cyclone on record along with the most rainfall dropped by a tropical cyclone in the United States. In early September, Hurricane Irma became the first Category 5 hurricane to impact the northern Leeward Islands on record. It later hit the Florida Keys as a Category 4 hurricane. Irma is the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Atlantic Ocean outside of the Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean Sea. In late September, Hurricane Maria became the first Category 5 hurricane to strike the island of Dominica on record; and later it made landfall in Puerto Rico as a high-end Category 4 hurricane. Most of the deaths from this season occurred from Maria, and caused a human crisis in Puerto Rico. In early October, Hurricane Nate became the fastest-moving hurricane in the Gulf of Mexico while also becoming the fourth hurricane of the year to make landfall in the contiguous United States. Slightly over a week later, Hurricane Ophelia became the easternmost major hurricane in the Atlantic basin on record, and later impacted most of Northern Europe as an extratropical cyclone. The season ended with Tropical Storm Rina, which became post-tropical on November 9.

Besides being a defiant radical, Emma was very well known for being incredibly influential in women’s reproductive rights activism. She fought for women’s sexual and economic freedom. Goldman was a nurse and midwife and taught other women about birth control. She was imprisoned in 1916 for this because at the time spreading information about birth control was illegal. 
Goldman faced many legal troubles. In 1893 she was convicted of starting a riot and spent a year in prison. She was arrested in 1901 for allegedly conspiring in the assassination of President McKinley, but was never found guilty.
In 1917 she was arrested and spent two years in prison for not supporting World War I. 
In 1919, Goldman and Berkman were sent back to Russia because the American government thought they were too dangerous. The Russian Revolution had just happened and Goldman was hopeful that Russia might end up being a good place. She ended up deciding that the revolution in Russia was not as good as she thought and that the Bolsheviks tricked many of the people in Russia. She thought the Bolsheviks were too controlling and were too powerful. She also did not like that the Soviet Union put lots of anarchists in jail for not agreeing with them.
She and Berkman left after two years and Goldman lived in many places in Europe, including England and France. In 1936 she moved to Spain to help the anarchists fight the fascists during the Spanish Civil War.
She died in Toronto of a stroke. She is buried near Chicago.

Defensemen Pavel Doležal and Karel Wagner are going to their first games. The other defensemen were all part of the team that went to Sochi. Michal Geier, Zdeněk Hábl, Zdeněk Krupička, Zdeněk Šafránek, David Palat, David Motyčka, Zdeněk Klíma and Martin Novák are the centers and wingers, playing in the attacking positions. The team is coached by Jiří Bříza. He has been leading the team since 2013. Jan Katauer is an assistance coach, and Jakub Novotny is the goaltender coach.
In the two years before the start of the Winter Games, the sledge hockey team dealt with financial difficulties. Corruption in the Czech Republic involving subsidies for sport resulted in the national team getting less money to support their training and ability to compete in tournaments. FAČR Chairman Miroslav Pelta was arrested as part of the corruption issues. About the corruption, team captain Zdeněk Šafránek said, "The subsidy scandal has radically reduced the amount we receive. For the sake of illustration, the Czech Paralympic Committee has now gotten less money than last year's sledge hockey players, and it has to be divided into a lot of sports." The team could not buy time to use ice at skating rinks to train much before their final qualifying competition in Sweden. They also could not buy new equipment like sledges, hockey sticks or hockey gloves. To make sure they were ready to qualify, the captain thought the team needed around 1 million Czech Koruna () to pay for all the costs of training and traveling. Because they could not get funding from the government, players had to ask individuals to support them financially.

Oliver took the name of "Eat Shit, Bob" from the money the miner returned. He then acted in a five-minute musical number, initially set in his studio. There, he began singing slowly that "even though he'll threaten legal Armageddon, we have just one tiny thing to say..." Then, P;over put up his middle finger and exclaimed "Bob Murray can go fuck himself today!" He then introduced the "Suck My Balls, Bob" dancers. The dancers to Times Square as they recounted fake stories of Murray doing crazy and terrible things. They joked that he caused the 1994 Cobo Arena attack on Nancy Kerrigan, shot puppies into outer space, supplied drugs to Bill Cosby, murdered Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria and started World War I, and was the Zodiac Killer. Oliver based parts of the song on his legal defense. He sang that "we made up these anecdotes, they're silly and insane". He also said in the beginning of the piece that "If we discuss Bob Murray in a way no reasonable person could construe as factual, we can say whatever the fuck we like!" Mr. Nutterbutter came back with a barbershop quartet in squirrel costumes. They joked that Bob Murray practiced bestiality with squirrels. Brian d'Arcy James also made an appearance as HBO's legal counsel. At first, he told everyone to stop singing and dancing. Then, James went into his own segment. There, he recounted Bob Murray forcing tourists at the New York City M&M's Store to watch as he "crammed them (M&M's) up his anal hole." The number was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics.

Four years later, at the 1954 World Cup in Switzerland, already under Zezé Moreira, Mauro Ramos was on the application list, but did not play in a single match, giving up the position of central defender to Fluminense player Pinheiro. After that, Mauro played in the 1956 South American Championship in Uruguay, finishing fourth, In 1957 Mauro was almost not named for the Copa América, but his wonderful performances at Saõ Paulo led him to play in that tournament. Brazil finished as runners-up, and by the 1958 World Cup in Sweden, Mauro Ramos had already become the idol of "São Paulo", continuing to show a great game and being in great sports shape. This could not fail to be noticed by the leadership of Brazilian football, inviting Mauro to the World Cup again. However, in Sweden, Ramos spent the entire tournament on the bench, winning the first world championship title in his career. The main pillars of the defense then were Hilderaldo Bellini and Orlando. Both are players of Vasco da Gama from Rio de Janeiro. The following year, Mauro and the national team took part in the 1959 South American Championship in Argentina, where together with the team, he won "silver", losing only one point to the hosts, the Argentines. It was not until his last World Cup in 1962 in Chile that Mauro came to the status of a main player, playing in all six matches, he made a formidable defensive duo with compatriot Zózimo, while the defender was captain of the team at that tournament. During his career in the national team, which lasted 17 years, he played 28 matches for Brazil with no goals.

Android 18's personally and behavior is calm, cool and confident and is somewhat sarcastic. During her early appearances in Dragon Ball Z she was somewhat arrogant usually getting annoyed by her brother Android 17's wild teen like behavior. She was also hotheaded when she refused to run away from her brother and Android 16 when Cell threatened to absorb her. After the defeat of Cell, Android 18 is calmer and is married to Krillin and they have a daughter named Marron and she is a good mother to her daughter. She was usually seen with Piccolo and other Z Fighters on Kami's lookout during the Majin Buu threat. Android 18 also appears in Dragon Ball GT and Super. In Dragon Ball GT she is seen with her husband Krillin and daughter Marron when one day her twin brother Android 17 arrives and attempt to control 18, 17 also kill Krillin which greatly infuriated Android 18 and she attacks her brother however Android 17 attacks her with an energy blast injuring 18. Android 18 is later seen in GT confronting now Super Android 17 about killing her husband and injuring her 18 then distracts Super 17 with multiple energy attacks which allows Goku to kill Super 17. After Super 17's defeat Android 18 is seen crying about her husband's death and then tells Goku that he a great friend and ally. Android 18 also appears in Dragon Ball Super as a side character when the God of Destruction Beerus threatens to destroy the Earth she and the Z Fighters attacks Beerus attempting to defeat Beerus but failed to defeat him by him overpowering them before Goku arrives to save them. Android 18 is in the Universal Survival Arc, she is on Team Universe 7 alongside her husband Krillin, her twin brother Android 17 and the other Z-Fighters.

Waxing rips the hair out of the skin and often causes pain. The pain increases in areas such as the genitals, especially for people who have not waxed before or do not wax often. Redness and swelling also often occurs at the waxing site. Waxing is itself a safe thing, but there are times when it is not safe to get waxed. When skin is sunburned, it is not good to get a wax treatment. Allegic reactions can also happen with waxing. People with medical problems such as diabetes, chronic kidney or liver disease, skin conditions such as eczema or psoriasis, or weakened immune systems are advised not to get wax treatments at all. At least one woman, with diabetes, almost died due to getting a bikini wax and becoming infected and another woman was hospitalised after being waxed in her genital area. In 2007 the New Jersey State Board of Cosmetology and Hairstyling came close to banning genital waxing based on health concerns. There is also concern about the trend to remove all or most of the pubic hair from a person's genitals. Dr. Linda K. Franks, assistant clinical professor of dermatology at the New York University School of Medicine, says "Pubic hair is there for a reason—to protect the sensitive skin and mucous membranes in the genital region, getting a wax literally strips away that layer of protection." Waxing can pull small pieces of skin off the body. This is usually minor and is not usual. Skin infections can also occur such as staph, folliculitis (infection of the hair follicles). Ingrown hairs are also quite common and can become infected.

On July 14, 2008 a weakening weather system stretched across northern Florida, causing thunderstorms. A weak low pressure area formed on July 15 near Tallahassee, which moved towards the southeast into the Gulf of Mexico. Late on July 16, it moved onto land near Tampa, and strengthening was not expected. However, late on July 17, thunderstorms became stronger around the low pressure area, and the system started to get better organized. Late on July 18, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) said that a tropical depression was forming. At 11 p.m. EST on July 18 (0300 UTC July 19), it was classified as Tropical Depression Three, about 65 miles (105 km) to the southeast of Charleston, South Carolina.
It was located between an area of high pressure to its southeast and another one to the northwest, the depression moved slowly towards the northeast. It became a weak tropical storm during the early afternoon of July 19. In the beginning, the storm was not strong, with few strong thunderstorms. Dry air in the middle- to-upper-levels of the atmosphere caused the storm to not strengthen. However, late on July 20 thunderstorms became more active. Cristobal stayed as a weak tropical storm during the time that it moved close to the South Carolina and North Carolina coast, and the storm never moved onto land. It reached its highest intensity as a strong tropical storm on July 21 while it passed east of Cape Hatteras, and stayed the same over the warm Gulf Stream. The storm started to enter cooler waters, and the cyclone quickly moved towards the east-northeastward on July 21 and July 22. In the afternoon of July 22, Cristobal began to weaken while to the south of Nova Scotia. The storm's cloud pattern became weak, and on July 23, it became an extratropical cyclone, and was no longer a tropical storm. The National Hurricane Center issued its last advisory on the system at 5:00 am EDT (0900 UTC) on July 23.

Kubrick was born in Manhattan, New York City and grew up in the Bronx during his youth. Stanley was a poor student in school but his father, who was a doctor, taught Stanley how to play chess and gave him a camera. Kubrick finished high school in 1946 and could not get into a college. This was because of his poor grades in school and because colleges were full with many American soldier's who returned from World War II that same year. During this time, Kubrick played games of chess with people for money. He was a good chess player and won many games. He used the money he won from playing chess to buy food and photography equipment. Kubrick got a job at a magazine in New York City that was called Look Magazine. Kubrick also enjoyed watching movies and thought that he could make better movies than the movies that were being made at the time. He first made two small documentaries. One of them was about a boxer and was called "Day of the Fight". The other documentary was about a religious man and was called "Flying Padre". He then made two full-length movies (called feature films) that made other people interested in his work. The first feature film was called "Fear and Desire" and the other was called "Killer's Kiss." His third feature film, called "The Killing", was a success. The success of "The Killing" allowed Stanley to work on a bigger movie, called "Paths of Glory", that was about World War I and was made with the famous actor Kirk Douglas. At this time Kubrick became well known in the movie industry and had started to create his own style.

Around September 16 it was nearly froze for some time in the mid-Atlantic about 1000 miles east of Bermuda, and became a weak hurricane. However, it subsequently accelerated eastwards and strengthened to become category 2. On 19 September hurricane warnings were issued for the Azores, as the predicted path passed through the center of that archipelago. It became extratropical on September 20 after passing through Azorean waters, but the remnants side-swiped north-western Spain and then moved rapidly north towards Ireland and the west of Britain on September 21. By the morning of September 22, it had been absorbed into a large Atlantic low to the west of Ireland.
On September 10, an area of clustered thunderstorms began to move off the western African coast. It quickly became stronger and organized itself to become Tropical Depression Eight. Continuing to organize, it reached tropical storm strength on September 13, becoming a hurricane on September 16 and a major hurricane (Category 3 or higher on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale) on September 17. Helene moved generally west-northwestward before commencing a northeasterly turn. Large currents from Helene lashed Bermuda. The hurricane then became an extratropical storm on September 24 and died shortly after.
An area of low pressure in mid-Atlantic generated active thunderstorms for several days and eventually organized into Tropical Depression Nine on 27 September and a tropical storm by 28 September. By that time it was about east-southeast of Bermuda. It became a hurricane on 30 September, and passed about east of Bermuda before swinging northwards towards Newfoundland. As it was still a strong tropical storm near the Avalon Peninsula, tropical storm warnings were issued on 2 October due to the potential for high winds. Isaac passed to the southeast of Cape Race late that afternoon. The Canadian Hurricane Centre reports that if Isaac had tracked just 50 to 100 km (30 to 60 miles) further north than it did, the St. John's area would have experienced much higher winds than the peak gust of it received.

Karol Dobiaš played for Baník Handlová in his youth. In 1965 he moved to Spartak Trnava, with whom he won the Czechoslovak championship five times and the Czechoslovak Cup three times. From 1970 to 1971, he was recognized as the best footballer in Czechoslovakia. In 1977 he moved to Bohemians Prague. In the Czechoslovak League, Dobiaš played 344 games, scoring 20 goals. In 1980 he was allowed to move abroad and went to the Belgian club KSC Lokeren. He finished his career in 1984 with FC Heirnis Gent.
Karol Dobiáš made his debut for Czechoslovakia on 3 May 1967 in Basel, in a friendly match against Switzerland, playing 64 minutes before being replaced by Vladimír Táborský. Dobias participated in the 1970 FIFA World Cup, playing all 3 matches without being substituted. As a member of the Czechoslovakian national team, Karol Dobiáš became the 1976 European champion, in the final match in the 25th minute, after a mistake by Franz Beckenbauer, Dobiáš scored the second goal against West Germany from distance. At the 1980 UEFA European Championship, Dobiáš was part of the squad but did not play in the tournament. Dobiáš played his last match for the national team on 26 March 1980, as in his first match against Switzerland, again in Basel. In total, Karol Dobiáš played 67 matches for the Czechoslovakia national team, scoring 6 goals.
As a coach, Karol Dobiáš worked with the youth team of Bohemians for 4 years, and in 1988 he took charge of Hradec Králové, but was soon fired. In September 1990, Dobiáš became the head coach of Zbrojovka, the first season under Dobiáš ended in failure for the club from Brno: the team took the last place in the standings, leaving the First League. Dobiáš continued to work with the club and in one season brought it back to the First League (at that time the club was called Bobi Brno). In the 1993/94 season, Karol Dobiáš coached Sparta Prague, with whom he won the first Czech championship. Later, he headed the club Sparta Krč, worked as a scout at Sparta, and in the 2003/04 season he was an assistant coach of Bohemians. During the 2008 European Championships, he was a pundit on the Czech version of the Eurosport channel.
As player
As coach
 
Individiual

He was born in Şebinkarahisar, Ottoman Armenia (present-day Giresun Province, Turkey). After losing his wife and son at an early age, he joined the Armenian freedom movement in the Ottoman Empire, and participated in various political parties.
Andranik participated in the Balkan Wars of 1912-1913, within the Bulgarian army, alongside general Garegin Njdeh as a commander of Armenian auxiliary troops of 1912-1913. After his arrest and jailed; he spent some time in Istanbul. During World War I, he participated in the Caucasus Campaign and was appointed as general of the Armenian volunteer units of the Russian army. He participated in 20 different offensives where he gained fame due to his courage and the tactics he came up with to defeat the opposing forces.
He was the commanding officer of the Armenian volunteer units, which helped the Van Resistance take control of the Van on May 6, 1915. He helped re-capture the city from Ottoman forces during the Battle of Van. He was also the commander of the battalion that took the city of Bitlis (see: Battle of Bitlis) from the Ottoman forces that was under control of Mustafa Kemal. 
After declaration of Democratic Republic of Armenia (DRA), he organized volunteer units against the Ottoman army, and fought alongside those units. Declaration of Treaty of Batum was in diffuse as Andranik, was fighting against the Ottoman Empire with his army. He refused to accept the borders stated by the treaty. His activities were concentrated at the link between Ottoman Empire to Azerbaijan Democratic Republic at Karabakh, Zanghezur and Nakhichevan. Ozanian struck back at the Ottoman Fronts, Army of Islam.
Andranik, tried several times to seize Shusha. Just before the Armistice of Mudros was signed, Andranik was on the way from Zangezur to Shushee, currently called Shusha. control the main city of Nagorno-Karabakh, historically called Artsakh. In January 1919 Armenian troops advancing, the British forces (Lionel Dunsterville) ordered Andranik back to Zangezur, and gave him the assurances that this conflict can be solved with the Paris Peace Conference, of 1919.
In 1919 he left Armenia in order not to take part in the political struggles for power in the recent Republic of still those its opinions contradicting policy to carry Armenia for the last time and went oneself into exile to Fresno, California, United States.

A major theme in "Vertigo" is obsession. Scottie seems to obsess with Madeleine. The camera often follows the eyes of Scottie. His eyes constantly gaze at Madeleine. With the suicide, Scottie ends up in a mental hospital. Afterwards, he always goes to objects and places that connect to Madeleine. Judy has to look exactly like Madeleine. The obsession is like a spiral. It creates a form of vertigo. Gavin also makes Madeleine obsess with Carlotta. The theme of obsession connects to death. The vertigo and images of spirals connect to the idea of falling to one's death. Death appears with tunnels and corridors. Hallways are also common elements in horror films. Another theme in the film is self-deception. Scottie was a detective. This is someone who tries to figure out the truth about crimes. Now he is following Madeleine like a detective. However, Madeleine is not real and Scottie is deceived. He also deceives himself through his obsession. He tries to create an image of Madeleine, but forgets reality. Madness takes over. The film is very philosophical. Gender roles are important in the film. Some say the film is about male aggression and dominance. Another theme in the movie is lack of identity and wandering. Madeleine says that she is just wandering. When Scottie follows her, he also is wandering with her. He also says multiple times that he is just wandering. At one point, Madeleine seems to be driving in circles. Wandering means that they do not have a destination. There is no purpose or sense. The two are also unstable and do not understand themselves. This connects to the idea of vertigo and dizziness. The spirals in the film can connect to wandering without a destination.

The words of Willis' citation explain:
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty as Platoon Corpsman serving with the 3d Battalion, 27th Marines, 5th Marine Division, during operations against enemy Japanese forces on Iwo Jima, Volcano Islands, 28 February 1945. Constantly imperiled by artillery and mortar fire from strong and mutually supporting pillboxes and caves studding Hill 362 in the enemy's cross-island defenses, Willis resolutely administered first aid to the many marines wounded during the furious close-in fighting until he himself was struck by shrapnel and was ordered back to the battle-aid station. Without waiting for official medical release, he quickly returned to his company and, during a savage hand-to-hand enemy counterattack, daringly advanced to the extreme frontlines under mortar and sniper fire to aid a marine lying wounded in a shellhole. Completely unmindful of his own danger as the Japanese intensified their attack, Willis calmly continued to administer blood plasma to his patient, promptly returning the first hostile grenade which landed in the shell-hole while he was working and hurling back 7 more in quick succession before the ninth exploded in his hand and instantly killed him. By his great personal valor in saving others at the sacrifice of his own life, he inspired his companions, although terrifically outnumbered, to launch a fiercely determined attack and repulse the enemy force. His exceptional fortitude and courage in the performance of duty reflect the highest credit upon Willis and the U.S. Naval Service. He gallantly gave his life for his country.

He was born on October 19, 1916 in Toulouse, France to Henri Dausset and Elisabeth Dausset (born Renard). Dausset was the youngest of four children. His father was a doctor from Pyrenees and his mother was a housewife from Lorraine. After World War I ended, the family moved to Biarritz where Jean would spend most of his childhood. His father worked at the Bayonne Hospital where he was a head doctor. Seeing this made a great impression on Jean. Jean was home schooled by his mother and a tutor who would come to the house. When Jean turned 11, his family moved to Paris and he began formal schooling at the Lycée Michel when he turned 15. After he was able to earn his baccalaureate in mathematics, he decided to study medicine at the University of Paris after being convinced by his father. Right after he became an extern at the Paris Hospitals when he turned 19, his parents both died. He was unable to pass his internship entrance exam at the Paris Hospitals on his first attempt. He was about to prepare for a second attempt but then World War II started. Dausset was sent off to Northern Italy for a year after he was enlisted in the French Army. After he spent a year there, he returned to Paris, studied and passed his medical internship exam. Soon after passing his exams, Dausset joined the Free French Forces in North Africa as an ambulance worker. He was first stationed in Morocco but was then moved to be stationed in the more active Tunisia. He got his first taste of hematology when he had to perform multiple blood transfusions on the wounded soldiers. When the war was winding down in 1944, Dausset decided to return to Paris and work in the Regional Blood Transfusion Center at the Saint-Antoine Hospital.

Booth fled with an accomplice south through Maryland to Virginia. An army troop caught up with him on April 26. His accomplice surrendered, but Booth refused. He yelled “I will not be taken alive!” He was shot while being captured and later died from his wounds. The bullet struck Booth in the back of the head behind his left ear, passed though his neck, and out into the barn. A low scream of pain like that produced by a sudden throttling came from the assassin, and he pitched headlong to the floor. Corbett and the other soldiers would note a sense of poetic, or cosmic, justice in that Lincoln and Booth were each shot around the same spot of the head. And the damage to Booth was no less severe than that to Lincoln: the bullet had pierced three vertebrae and partially severed his spinal cord, paralyzing him. Their conditions were different, as Mary Clemmer Ames summed it up, "The balls entered the skull of each at nearly the same spot, but the trilling difference made an immeasurable difference in the sufferings of the two. Mr. Lincoln was unconscious of all pain, while his assassin suffered as exquisite agony as if he had been broken on a wheel." A soldier poured water into his mouth, which he immediately spat out, unable to swallow. The bullet wound prevented him from swallowing any of the liquid. In a weak voice, Booth asked for water and Conger and Baker gave it to him. He asked them to roll him over and turn him facedown. Conger thought it a bad idea. Then at least turn me on my side, the assassin pleaded. They did, but Conger saw that the move did not relieve Booth’s suffering. Baker noticed it, too: "He seemed to suffer extreme pain whenever he was moved...and would several times repeat, ‘Kill me.’" At sunrise, Booth remained in agonising pain. His pulse weakening as his breathing became more laboured and irregular. In agony, unable to move his limbs, he asked a soldier to lift his hands before his face and whispered as he gazed at them, "Useless ... Useless." These were his last words. A few minutes later, Booth began gasping for air as his throat continued to swell, then there was a shiver and a gurgle and his body shuddered, before Booth died from asphyxia - he literally choked to death.

Boris came from a boyar family (i.e. they belonged to the nobility). His parents were dead and he was brought up at the court of the Tsar in Moscow. The Tsar who ruled was Ivan IV, known as Ivan the Terrible who really was a very cruel ruler. He ruled for more than 50 years. Boris was very close to the royal family. One of the Tsar’s sons, Fyodor, who was not very intelligent. He married Irina, the sister of Boris. The Tsar killed his eldest son. When the Tsar died he had a son Dmitry who was only two years old. Dmitri was not allowed to become tsar, because he was the son of Ivan’s 7th marriage, and the rules of the Russian Orthodox Church were that no one should be allowed to marry more than three times (of course, no one had dared to try to stop Ivan from all those marriages). So Fyodor became Tsar Fyodor I. He was not bright enough to rule himself. We would probably say that he was mentally disabled, or that he had “learning difficulties”. Boris therefore became regent: he ruled for him. Some boyars were against Boris, but Boris somehow managed to silence them. In some ways Boris did a good job. He made Russia a safer place, fighting back the Tatars in the south and making strong contacts with Europe. He built towns and fortresses, made sure that Western Siberia was firmly under Moscow’s control, and made the head of the Muscovite Church a patriarch. In 1598 Fyodor died and Irina should have become Tsarina, but she refused and went to live in a convent. The boyars voted for Boris to become Tsar.

When King Alexander III of Scotland died in 1286, his heir was his granddaughter Margaret, Maid of Norway. King Edward I of England arranged to have his son, Edward II of England, become her husband and share the crown of Scotland in 1289. But Margaret died on her way from Norway to Scotland in 1290. This began a period in Scotland called the First Interregnum (1290–1292). Scotland was without a monarch. Edward I was invited to choose who would be king from among the candidates who had any claim to be king. He chose John of Scotland. But Edward now claimed power over the Scottish king. Balliol could do nothing without Edward's approval. In July 1295 the Scottish Parliament met and took most of the power away from John Balliol and gave it to a group of men they elected called the "Council of Twelve." This group made an agreement with King Philip IV of France called the Auld Alliance. King Edward gathered his army at Newcastle and prepared to invade Scotland. He brought his army to Berwick and captured the town and castle. John Balliol sent King Edward letters refusing to recognize Edward's right to rule Scotland. After Edward had captured all the castles in Scotland, John Balliol surrendered to him. John Balliol was sent to prison in London, then later Edward allowed him to live in France. In 1296 Edward made every man in Scotland who owned land promise to be loyal to him. Scotland remained without a king of their own until 1306 when Robert the Bruce declared himself king of Scotland defying Edward I. Just before doing this Robert the Bruce had been involved in a dispute with John Comyn. The two met before the altar in Greyfriars Church in Dumfries in 1306 and in a fight John Comyn was killed. Robert the Bruce was crowned king three weeks later at Scone. Accused of murdering Comyn, Bruce was excommunicated by the Pope. Edward sent his men after Bruce but was unable to capture Him. A series of border skirmishes and wars went on. In 1310 Edward again invaded Scotland but with little effect. Between 1310 and 1314 a large number of castles were captured from the occupying English soldiers by Bruce and his followers.

The British Medical Association published their recommendations for doctors supervising PAs in early 2024 in an effort to formulate a scope of practice aligned to the education received by PAs. The six core principles of this guidance were:
The British Medical Association highlighted a number of activities that they felt PAs should not be undertaking.
There exists some criticism as to the level that Physician Associates work at. PAs train to the same model that doctors train to. Nurses train to a caring and nursing model to assist doctors. After nurses has been graduated for three years they can take a 4 month prescribers course at a university and upon passing it become full independent prescribers of any drug that a doctor can prescribe in the British National Formulary. This means that 3 years and 4 months after graduating nursing school a nurse can legally prescribe any drug for any condition they feel they are fit to treat and they are legally independent and a doctor cannot tell them not to prescribe the drug; even if the drug the nurse is prescribing is wrong. Something that a working PA who has graduated with a 3 or 4 year masters degree and has been trained to write prescriptions from year 1 can not. Whilst there is movement to grant PAs prescribing rights it is seen as moving too slowly and they would still not be independent prescribers unlike nurses. There is some concern that whilst the physician associate profession has been modelled directly from the USA model it is growing much slower than in the US. Although some have stated this might be due to the public not trusting the profession it seems that it is actually the medical and nursing professions who are acting as obstacles and the public have accepted the role as merely part of a modern NHS. In the USA in many states PAs now practice without needed to be supervised by a doctor at all and are coequal with doctors, nurse practitioners and physician assistants as the triad of clinical care paid for by Medicare.

Groups of Java mouse-deer are commonly referred to as “herds,” while females are termed “does,” “hinds,” or “cows.” Males are referred to as either “bucks,” “stags,” or “bulls,” and their young are commonly called “fawns,” or “asses”. 
It was previously believed that Java mouse-deer were nocturnal, but more recent studies have shown that they are neither truly nocturnal nor diurnal, but instead crepuscular, meaning they prefer to be active during the dim light of dawn and dusk. This behavior has been observed in both wild and captive Java mouse-deer. Although Java mouse-deer form monogamous family groups, they are usually shy, solitary animals. They are also usually silent; the only noise they make is a shrill cry when they are frightened. 
Male Java mouse-deer are territorial, marking their territory and their mates with secretions from an intermandibular scent gland under their chin. This territorial marking usually includes urinating or defecating to mark their area. To protect themselves and their mates or to defend their territory, mouse-deer slash rivals with their sharp, protruding canine “tusks.” It has also been observed that, when threatened, the Java mouse-deer will beat its hooves quickly against the ground, reaching speeds of up to 7 beats per second, creating a “drum roll” sound. 
The territories of "Tragulus javanicus" males and females have been observed to overlap considerably, yet individuals of the same sex do not share their territories. When giving birth, however, females tend to establish a new home range. Female Java mouse-deer have an estimated home range of , while males inhabit, on average, . Additionally, male Java mouse-deer, in nature, were observed to travel distances of daily on average, while females average daily.

The AC Cobra is a hybrid sportscar consisting of a British roadster with an American engine and transmission. In 1961 Carroll Shelby and took a dated sports car and collaborated to design a body to fit a Ford V-8 engine with a Borg-Warner T-10 four-speed transmission. The resulting car made history. Designed as a Corvette-killer it was one of the fastest cars available at the time. Their bodies and chassis were produced in the UK and subsequently tuned by Carroll Shelby International Inc in the USA. They became famous as "Shelby Cobra and Shelby AC Cobra" in the USA and "AC Cobra" in Europe until 1968, when the Shelby/AC collaboration ended. Since 1969 genuine AC Cobra has been produced by . 
Carroll Shelby was one of the world's first professional race car drivers. At age 37 a bad heart forced his retirement from racing. He started building cars in the back of a tire dealership in Santa Fe Springs, California. In June 1962 he moved to Venice, California. He wanted to build an American sportscar. Others had experimented with putting an American engine into a European car body. Shelby thought he could do it better. He approached General Motors with the idea but they already had the Corvette. They were also not interested in a limited production sports car. Ford, however, was very interested. Shelby also learned that in England was having trouble getting motors for their cars. He told them Ford was interested in supplying engines if they would ship him a car to test. They sent a body and Ford sent him a V-8. He and a friend worked all night installing the engine. In the morning they had the first Shelby AC Cobra.

In 1912, Miné Okubo was born in 1912 in Riverside, California. Her parents were both Japanese immigrants who had entered the United States twelve years before. They worked in the St. Louis Exposition of Arts and Crafts; Okubo's mother being a calligrapher and her father was a scholar. Later, her mother raising seven children and her father became a gardener. She attended Riverside Junior College in 1931, Graduated UC Berkeley with Bachelor of Arts degree in art in 1935, and again with Master of Arts degree in art and anthropology in 1936. She won the Berthat Taussig Traveling Art Fellowship, so she was able to study art for two-years in Europe. However, with the rise of Nazi Germany and the starting of World War II, she escaped back to the States when she still had six months left on her fellowship.After Japan attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, President Roosevelt sent Japanese American immigrants and their children to internment camps. During Okubo's time in the internment camps, she drew sketches of how life was, which included day-to-day activities such as having to share restrooms, being bored every day, and living in undesirable conditions. She made over a thousand drawings, which she compiled together into a novel called "Citizen 13660." "Citizen 13660" was published in 1946, and was the first primary source of the Japanese American internment camp experience. Miné Okubo is most known for her novel "Citizen 13660," but she was an important and prolific artist who kept drawing until her death in 2001.

After the Second World War, people began studying Austen more deeply, and in different ways. A great number of people have studied Austen as a political writer. Critic Gary Kelly explains, "Some see her as a political 'conservative' because she seems to defend the established social order. Others see her as sympathetic to 'radical' politics that challenged the established order, especially in the form of critics see Austen's novels , criticizing aspects of the social order but supporting stability and an open class hierarchy." In "Jane Austen and the War of Ideas" (1975), perhaps the most important of these works, Marilyn Butler argues that Austen was greatly influenced by the principal moral and political arguments of her time, and that she had a partisan, firmly conservative and Christian position in these arguments. Alistair M. Duckworth in "The Improvement of the Estate: A Study of Jane Austen's Novels" (1971) argues that Austen used the concept of the "estate" to symbolise all that was important society, which should be conserved (kept), improved, and passed down to future generations. As Rajeswari Rajan notes, "the idea of a political Austen is no longer seriously challenged". The questions scholars now study include: "the Revolution, war, nationalism, empire, class, 'improvement' [of the estate], the clergy, town versus (against) country, abolition, the professions, female emancipation; whether her politics were Tory, Whig, or radical; whether she was a conservative or a revolutionary, or occupied (kept) a reformist position between these extremes".

Vertigo is a 1958 American psychological thriller mystery movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock. It stars James Stewart and Kim Novak. This movie is considered the best Alfred Hitchcock movie. It is a classic example of Hitchcock as the "master of suspense". It has made several of the American Film Institute lists. Some even say that it is the greatest film of all time. Vertigo is part of the National Film Registry, because it is culturally significant.
John Scottie Ferguson is a former detective. Scottie was in a chase and saw a policeman die after falling from a tall building. Scottie now has a fear of heights (acrophobia) and a sense of rotating (vertigo). Gavin Elster tells John to follow his wife, Madeleine. Galvin says she is behaving strangely. John observes and follows Madeleine. She buys flowers, goes to the grave of Carlotta Valdes (1831–1857), looks at a painting of Carlotta, and stays at a hotel. John learns from a historian that Corlatta killed herself. Gavin tells John that Carlotta was the great-grandmother of Madeleine. Gavin believes Carlotta possesses Madeleine. Madeline jumps into the San Francisco bay, and John rescues her. Madeleine tells about a nightmare. The location of the dream seems to be Mission San Juan Bautista. Scottie drives Madeleine there. They embrace and fall in love. Madeleine suddenly runs up the tower, falls, and dies. Scottie follows but is too dizzy to go up. The police call the death a suicide. Scottie gets depressed and has to go to a hospital. He is released. He comes back to places that connect to Madeleine. He looks everywhere for women that look like her. He meets a woman called Judy. She looks like Madeleine. He wants to spend time with her.

Writer Max Blumenthal, who reported on an attempt by one of the show's staff to advertise at a rally for former Alaska governor and Republican vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin, described "The Political Cesspool" as having a "racist ideology", and highlighted anti-Jewish, racist, and homophobic comments that Edwards had made on his blog. The Stephen Roth Institute has also written about the show, noting that "[James] Edwards openly espoused many of his guests' views and during speeches to extremist audiences, including members of the white supremacist Council of Conservative Citizens and the racist League of the South, he gained the support of a wide array of extremists." In an article about antisemitism in Belgium, the Stephen Roth Institute commented on the show's interview with Filip Dewinter, a member of the Belgian Parliament and a leader of the Vlaams Belang movement. "Newsweek" magazine used one of co-host Winston Smith's statements to argue that the rise in popularity of white racism is due to the combination of the late-2000s recession and the election of a black president. Many such groups have been attempting to gain new recruits and increase their political power by rebranding themselves as defenders of "white heritage" while trying to hide their dislike of minorities and Jews. Smith states, "[t]he emphasis is different now. We don't talk as much about what blacks have done to us; we're more focused on ourselves and our own culture."
In 2005, the staff of "The Political Cesspool" organized a rally at Confederate Park, which, along with two other Confederacy-themed parks in downtown Memphis, has been the subject of a longtime disagreement for honoring Confederate soldiers and ideals. The park had been criticized earlier by a black Shelby County official, which attracted the notice of New York-based activist Al Sharpton, who was invited by the Reverend LaSimba Gray to hold a demonstration in Memphis. Sharpton planned a march called the Rally for Dignity from downtown Memphis to another park honoring Confederate Lieutenant General Nathan Bedford Forrest who was involved early in the organization of the Ku Klux Klan. Sharpton canceled the march after Edwards and "The Political Cesspool" staff obtained a permit to demonstrate in Confederate Park, located along Sharpton's planned march route.

At the Bahrain Grand Prix, Verstappen topped all the practice sessions and subsequently took a career fourth pole position. This was the first time he achieved back-to-back pole positions. He fought Lewis Hamilton for the race victory, and on lap 53 Verstappen overtook Hamilton, but went off track whilst doing so, resulting in him being instructed by race control to let Hamilton back into the lead and ultimately finishing second behind Hamilton.p At the next race, the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, Verstappen qualified third with teammate Sergio Pérez second, marking the first time he was out-qualified by a teammate since the 2019 Italian Grand Prix. At the race start, Verstappen was able to pass both Pérez and pole-sitter Lewis Hamilton to take the lead. He remained in the lead after the first round of pit stops as well as the restart, following the race being suspended on lap 33. Rival Hamilton finished second, reducing his championship lead over Verstappen to one point. In the following Portuguese Grand Prix, Verstappen finished second after a long battle with Lewis Hamilton. At the Spanish Grand Prix, the battle between Verstappen and Hamilton continued, with Hamilton employing a faster two-stop strategy versus Verstappen's one-stop race. This provided Hamilton the advantage of faster tyres, allowing him to overtake Verstappen with several laps remaining in the race. Hamilton took the victory, with Verstappen taking second and the fastest lap, increasing Hamilton's championship lead to 14 points.

In April 2007, Long became the on-screen boyfriend of Kristal, after weeks flirting with each other backstage. Long then began to look for an assistant so he could spend more time with Kristal, eventually revealing Vickie Guerrero as his new assistant on May 25, 2007, an appointment made partly at Kristal's request. On the June 22, 2007 episode of "SmackDown!", Long asked Kristal to marry him. Kristal ran out of the ring, crying, but later agreed to (kayfabe) marry him. On the July 27, 2007 edition of "Smackdown!", Ron Simmons was named the best man for "Theodore Rufus Long" and Kristal's wedding on the September 21, 2007 edition of "SmackDown!" emanating from Long's hometown of Atlanta, Georgia. However, the wedding was not completed due to constant disruptions and Long having a (kayfabe) heart attack just as he started to say "I do". He then fell in to a (kayfabe) coma. Long returned on the November 30, 2007 edition of "SmackDown!" as the Assistant General Manager and made a match at Armageddon for the World Heavyweight Championship In September 2007, Long was demoted from General Manager of SmackDown!, to Assistant General Manager, while Vickie Guerrero moved into the General Manager position by Mr. McMahon stating "The Show must go on". On May 16, 2008, Long quit his role of Assistant General Manager after months of abuse by GM Guerrero who treated Teddy "as a personal servant rather than the Assistant General Manager of SmackDown!" in Teddy's words. On the June 3, 2008 edition of "ECW", it was announced that Long had become the new General Manager of the ECW brand by order of the WWE Board of Directors.

Later, the Armenian highland was divided between the Sassanids and their successors, the Arabs with the Eastern Rome. 
Prestige of Ashot I, governor of Armenia, rose as both Byzantine and Arab leaders courted him. The Abbasid Caliphate recognized Ashot as "prince of princes" in 862 and, later on, as king. Several contemporary prominent Armenians, including Grigor-Derenik Vaspurakan, insisted on Ashot's coronation. Ashot was crowned King of Armenia through the consent of Caliph al-Mu'tamid in 885 to prevent intrusion into Armenian territory by Basil I, a Byzantine emperor of Armenian origin. The establishment of the Bagratuni kingdom later led to the founding of several other Armenian principalities and kingdoms: Taron, Vaspurakan, Kars, Khachen and Syunik. During the reign of Ashot III (952/53–77), Ani became the kingdom's capital and grew into a thriving economic and cultural center. The first half of the 11th century saw the decline and eventual collapse of the kingdom. The Byzantine emperor Basil II (r. 976–1025) won a string of victories and annexed parts of southwestern Armenia. King Hovhannes-Smbat felt forced to cede his lands and in 1022 promised to "will" his kingdom to the Byzantines following his death. However, after Hovhannes-Smbat's death in 1041, his successor, Gagik II, refused to hand over Ani and continued resistance until 1045, when his kingdom, plagued with internal and external threats, was finally taken by Byzantine forces. It can be assumed that Armenia had a population of 5–6 million at that time in the (IX-XI centuries). 
The kingdom had its origins in the principality founded 1080 by the Rubenid dynasty, an alleged offshoot of the larger Bagratuni dynasty, which at various times had held the throne of Armenia. Their capital was originally at Tarsus, and later became Sis.

There is a legend telling that around 1648 a group of pioneers founded a small village near the Atuba River while searching for gold. These pioneers venerated "Nossa Senhor da Luz" and made a special place there for her statue. The legend tells that every morning the image turned her eyes to a pine tree forest, which the pioneers knew was a sacred place of the Indians. The explorers took this as a sign that "Nossa Senhora" was showing them a special place for their village. Even though they knew that the Indians took them as enemies, the pioneers took the risk and went in to the forest to find this special place. When the pioneers got close to the tribe, a miracle happened: the Indians were peaceful and expecting them to come. Done contact with the leader of the Tingüi tribe, the cacique Tindiqüera would have said the new location and put a stick in the ground, saying "Coré Etuba" ("many pines"). By this stick would have grown a great tree, where today is the "zero mark" of Curitiba. At that place the pioneers built a chapel in honor of the saint, now called "Nossa Senhora da Luz dos Pinhais" ("Our Lady of the Light in the Pine Forest").
Curitiba officially became a town in 1812, orthography its name as "Curityba". An alternative orthography also came up: "Coritiba". This orthography looked to become dominant for it was used in press and state documents, but a state decree in 1919 decided the dispute by orthography the city name "Curitiba". Growth was based on the cattle trade, being a way between cattle breeding country to the South and markets to the North. Developing effective started from the beginning of the 19th century, with the exploitation and exportation of Yerba mate ("Ilex paraguariensis"), and the elevation to the condition that city in 1842.

The husband answered that it was a "kaptreng", a traditional Meitei traditional wooden tool for ginning cotton. The wife had to give her husband a fish on the next day. They went to sleep that night. But "Yenakha Paotabi", the old demoness, had been listening to their riddles. She thought of an evil plan to ruin the couple's life. While planning, she thought,
<poem>
"I should not lose this opportunity. 
Tomorrow, I will impersonate the wife when she is away. 
She will be driven away by her husband. I will stay with him as his wife for few days and one day, when he is asleep, I will cut his throat and drink his blood. Oh! How tasty it will be!"</poem>
The next day, Yenakha Paodabi did everything in to her plan: She changed her appearance so she looked like the wife. When the real wife was away at the market, Yenakha Paodabi entered the house holding a Shareng fish, when the actual woman was away to market. The husband had no doubt about the woman until his real wife returned home, creating a great surprise to him with the presence of two women who looked exactly like his wife.
There was a huge quarrel and then a fight between the two identical women. The husband was unable to solve the problem. So, all of them went to the King to judge their matter. After hearing the whole story, the king said to the two women, 
<poem>
"As both of you are firm on your stands, let the great God show us the truth."
</poem>
Then, as per a new plan devised by the King, a priest (maiba) got blessings from the Lainingthou (Great God) and put a hollow bamboo pipe on a banana leaf. Then, the king told the two women that only the real woman would be able to pass through the narrow bamboo pipe. The king and asked the two to try to go through the pipe to prove their real identity. But this was a trick. The demoness, not realizing, immediately transformed. She shrunk until she could fit into the hollow bamboo pipe. Then, the king immediately made his men close both the ends of the bamboo pipe. Thus, Yenakha Paodabi, was trapped. He tried to burn the bamboo pipe, but Yenakha Paodabi requested him to let her go. The king released her. From that day onwards, Yenakha Paodabi never interfered again with the couple's life.

In 1883 a young Belgian called Sylvain de Jong settled in Antwerp, Belgium. He started a bicycle factory there. By the end of that century he started producing motorbikes, and after a while automobiles as well. In 1903 he grounded the NV Minerva Motors' in Berchem (Antwerp).
A certain Charles S Rolls was Minerva dealer in England. The small 1 cylinder "Minervette" was there with its 105 Pound, the cheapest automobile. 
In the years after the fame of the automobile was rising enormous. Most important market for the constructor remained however England that took the biggest part of the production, followed by the Netherlands and France. 
From 1908 Minerva got a worldwide Knight licence. The Knight motor was a motor without valves, developed by Charles Y Knight in the United States. These motors were extremely silent. The company did well in several automobile racing competitions in Europe. 
After worldwar I, during which Sylvain de Jong and his engineers headed to Amsterdam, where they kept on developing parts, they returned to start up the production of luxury automobiles. The constructors star rose in the United States as well, American filmstars, politicians and industrials liked them cars as well (even Henry Ford had before the WW already one!). The car had the same qualities as the Rolls Royce, but was a little cheaper. With the economical crisis in the 30's, the company went bankrupt in 1936. The remains were taken over by another Belgian constructor named Imperia. Imperia putted the name Minerva on their automobiles for export to England and France and for the trucks (which Minerva had made before too). 
After worldwar II the company produced Land Rovers under licence for the Belgian army. Production of these 4Wheel Drives stopped in 1953. The company struggled for survival and made some Land Rover-like cars till 1956. But than the constructor diappeared completely.

The Sims 3 is made with the same idea as the games before it. The player controls their own Sims in activities and relationships in a similar manner to real life. The game play is open-ended and has no limits. Sims houses and neighborhoods are in one huge map. The developers stated, "What you do outside your home now matters as much as what you do within." The game includes an optional feature called "Story Progression", which allows all Sims in the neighborhood to continue on their own as if the player were controlling them, such as grow up, get married, get jobs and promotions, have children, and build or buy their dream house while the player is not playing. The Sims 2 used a reward system called Wants and Fears. This is replaced with a new system called Wishes in The Sims 3. Completing a Sim's wish helps the Sim's Lifetime Happiness score and mood. Some wishes, such as "Go to the Park", may add little points to their lifetime happiness while "Have A Baby Boy" may add thousands of points. In The Sims 2, Wants and Fears also contributed to a Sim's "Aspiration" meter, the same to current self-esteem. In The Sims 3, Aspiration is removed entirely, replaced with "Moodlets", which contribute good or bad values to the original Motivation meter. Moodlets can be inspired by physical events, such as having a good meal or comfort from sitting in a good chair, as well as emotional events like a first kiss or a break-up. Most moodlets last for a set amount of time, but some bad Moodlets can be cured (such as the one caused by a need to use the bathroom) and some positive ones rely on the Sim's surroundings and traits.

Samuel Lee Kountz first became interested in medicine at the age of eight, when he went with an injured friend to a local hospital for emergency treatment. He says he was so moved by the way the doctors' helped his friend, that he decided from that moment to become a doctor. During his senior year of high school, Kountz had met Senator J. William Fulbright, who had once been president of the University of Arkansas. The senator was so impressed by Kountz's energy and enthusiasm, that he urged him to consider the medical school at the University of Arkansas, Little Rock. Kountz applied but was turned down. He spent the next two years finishing up his graduate work in chemistry at the university's Fayetteville campus. He did so well that he was awarded a full medical scholarship, and in 1954 became the first black student to be admitted to the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences.Kountz completed a master's degree in chemistry in 1956; two years later he received his M.D. He spent the next year as an intern with the Stanford Service of San Francisco General Hospital. In 1959, he began his surgical training at the Stanford University School of Medicine. It was at Stanford that he studied in organ transplants, and decided to make transplant surgery his life's work. In 1976 Kountz performed a kidney transplant on live television, The Today Show and inspired some 20,000 viewers to offer their kidneys to patients who needed them. In 1972 Kountz had been appointed Professor of Surgery and Chairman of the Department at the State University of New York's Downstate Medical Center in Brooklyn, New York. He also served as Surgeon-in-Chief of Kings County Hospital. The University of Arkansas awarded him the honorary Juris Doctor in 1973. Doctor Kountz also developed the largest kidney transplant research and training program in the country at the University of California, San Francisco.

"All in the Family" is based on the 1960s British sitcom television show "Till Death Us Do Part". Norman Lear said he read about the show in a "Variety" magazine. He thought the show was like the relationship that he had with his father. Norman Lear bought the rights to use "Til Death Us Do Part" and used the ideas of the show in "All in the Family". Norman Lear is the creator of "All in the Family". He would also add some of the things his father did into the show. CBS wanted to have the show but the show was going to be on ABC. There was two pilot episodes made. One was made on September 3, 1968 and called "And Justice For All". The pilot episodes had different actors and actresss for Michael (Tim McIntire) and Gloria Stivic (Kelly Jean Peters) and the house they lived in looked different. Archie and Edith were named "Archie Justice" and "Edith Justice" instead of Archie Bunker and Edith Bunker. Micheal was named “Dickie” for the first pilot. Lionel Jefferson was played by D'Urville Martin instead of Mike Evans. For the start of the episode, Archie and Edith were singing, "Those were the Days" but the song was longer and shots of where they lived were shown but not them. Also Edith played the piano faster in this pilot episode then the rest of the show. The camera showed the door mat which said "Justice" before the episode started. The pilot was taped with three cameras so the people watching could see the characters feelings about things. This would be used for the entire show. Most other sitcoms used one camera but "All in the Family" was the first and more sitcoms used three cameras after. The pilot talked about many important issues instead of just one. The characters talked about race, welfare, antisemitism, and even different types of sausage. The ending credits of the pilot episode is the kitchen room with the party decorations up. Edith and Archie are singing the same song from the beginning as the credits roll.

A memorial service was held at the Staples Center in downtown Los Angeles on July 7, 2009. It began with a reading of a letter by Smokey Robinson of comments by Nelson Mandela, Diana Ross and other close friends of Michael Jackson who could not be at the memorial. Mariah Carey sang "I'll Be There" at the memorial service, followed by a speech given by Queen Latifah. Lionel Richie performed "Jesus is Love". Berry Gordy, Motown founder, spoke next, offering condolences. Kobe Bryant and Magic Johnson also spoke, with Magic describing the event as a "celebration of Jackson's life and works" rather than a funeral. Jennifer Hudson sung "Will You Be There" accompanied by a music video. Reverend Al Sharpton then gave a speech about how Jackson kept rising and "never stopped". John Mayer played the guitar as he did in Michael Jackson's song Human Nature. This was followed by Brooke Shields speaking. Jermaine Jackson, Jackson's older brother, then performed Smile, Michael's favorite song written by comic drama legend Charlie Chaplin. This was proceeded by speeches by Martin Luther King III and Bernice King. Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee was the next person who spoke at the memorial service, claiming "people are innocent until proven guilty," (reminding those who accused Jackson of unproven child molestations) saying that Jackson's humanitarian efforts need to be praised. Usher then sang "Gone Too Soon," followed by a montage of old videos of Jackson himself. Shamim sang next, with Kenny Ortega introducing him afterward. Kenny Ortega explained that Michael Jackson saw the Staples Center as his home, a reason for the funeral service to be held there. This was followed by Kenny Ortega doing a tribute to him, including "We Are the World" and "Heal the World". The service ended with speeches by members of his family, including Jermaine, Marlon and daughter Paris who broke into tears and said that "Daddy was the best father anyone could have" and also that "I will miss him" then she left the microphone and turned into Janet Jackson's arms. The memorial lasted over 2 hours.

Allen Ezail Iverson (/ˈaɪvərsən/; born June 7, 1975) is a former American professional basketball player. He played for 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA) at both the shooting guard and point guard positions. Iverson was an 11-time NBA All-Star, won the All-Star game MVP award in 2001 and 2005, and was the NBA's Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the 2000–01 season. He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2016.
Iverson went to Bethel High School in Hampton, Virginia. This is where he played for the football team and the basketball team. He won the Associated Press High School Player of the Year award in both football and basketball. He also won the Division AAA Virginia state championship in both sports. After high school, Iverson won a scholarship to Georgetown University. He played college basketball with the Georgetown Hoyas for two years. He set the school record for career scoring average (22.9 points per game). He also won the Big East Defensive Player of the Year awards in both years.
After two years at Georgetown, Iverson was eligible for the 1996 NBA draft. He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers with the first overall pick. He was named the NBA Rookie of the Year in the 1996–97 season. Iverson won the NBA scoring title during the 1998–99, 2000–01, 2001–02, and 2004–05 seasons. Iverson was one of the smallest players in NBA history at 6 feet, 0 inches. His regular season career scoring average of 26.7 points per game ranks seventh all-time, and his playoff career scoring average of 29.7 points per game is second after Michael Jordan. Iverson led his team to the 2001 NBA Finals. He won the bronze medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Thangwai Koting Ahanpa (Thangwai Koding Ahanba) (337 AD-387 AD) was the ruler of Ancient Moirang and Leima Thamoilembi (Thamoilengpi), his queen. For sometime, the latter felt quite happy as she was with child, but suffered a shock as it disappeared through a natural abortion. However, Salailen (Soraren), the God of Heaven, sent the child back to her womb with the instruction that he should be born to the Queen as her son, but should not live long with her to attain the age of any rite of passage. Five months went by. Salailen (Soraren) appeared in her dream and told her that the child she was carrying was His own and that when born he should not be brought up on any propane food or drink. After she was delivered of the child, the God again appeared in her dream, reminded her of His relation with the child and expressed His desire to call him "Chothe Thangwai Pakhangba". Then the boy grew up and soon attained the grace and vigor of a youth. As human memory, by nature, is short, his parents had completely forgotten the divine dictates. Meanwhile, Chothe Thangwai Pakhangba, one day, chanced to see Sunulembi, the daughter of Thongnang Loikemba (of Cachari origin) and was instantly head over heels in love with her. Through a formal engagement, the two were married in a grand manner. But God's will is irrevocable and the young man had overstepped what was set for him. So, Salailen came in person and reminded during his sleep of what was enjoined on his parents. While awake, Sunulembi, his lady found him in tears enquired whether he had any secret love. At last, he came out with what to take place within five days and the same was conveyed in the early morning to his parents, friends and relatives. On the appointed day, Chothe Thangwai Pakhangba, prinked up in his best clothes with the help of his wife, and was now prepared for the heavenly journey. But Sunulembi, his lady too offered herself to keep her husband company to the land of the leal. None could restrain her and leaving all the near and dear ones thrown into an abyss of sorrow, the young couple ascended towards the sky, the progress of which was being watched by all on the ground with bated breath and by shading the eyes with their palms.

Arnold's contributions to American independence are largely underrepresented in popular culture, while his name became synonymous with traitor in the 19th century. The demonization of Arnold began immediately after his betrayal became public. Biblical themes were often invoked; Benjamin Franklin wrote that "Judas Iscariot sold only one man, Arnold three million", and Alexander Scammel described Arnold's actions as "black as hell".
Early biographers attempted to describe Arnold's entire life in terms of treacherous or morally questionable behavior. The first major biography of Arnold, "The Life and Treason of Benedict Arnold", published in 1832 by historian Jared Sparks, was particularly harsh in showing how Arnold's treacherous character was allegedly formed out of childhood experiences. George Canning Hill, who authored a series of moralistic biographies in the mid-19th century, began his 1865 biography of Arnold "Benedict, the Traitor, was born ...". Social historian Brian Carso notes that as the 19th century progressed, the story of Arnold's betrayal took on near-mythic proportions as a part of the national creation story, and was again invoked as sectional conflicts leading up the American Civil War increased. Washington Irving used it as part of an argument against dismemberment of the union in his 1857 "Life of George Washington", pointing out that only the unity of New England and the southern states that led to independence was made possible in part by holding West Point. Jefferson Davis and other southern secessionist leaders were unfavorably compared to Arnold, implicitly and explicitly likening the idea of secession to treason. "Harper's Weekly" published an article in 1861 describing Confederate leaders as "a few men directing this colossal treason, by whose side Benedict Arnold shines white as a saint."

In a June 2013 interview with "Famitsu", Nomura discussed the visuals that were seen in the teaser trailer. He said that they tried to remember that the "Kingdom Hearts characters were originally paintbrush art from Disney productions, a texture that was one of our original aims, and that it was time to return to that. So [chief creative director Takeshi] Nozue went through a series of tests, and the results are the visuals that we refer to in the team as the Kingdom Shader. It may look like a pretty drastic change, but I see it as a rich evolution of everything we've shown you up to now." In September 2013, producer Shinji Hashimoto said that since both "Kingdom Hearts III" and "Final Fantasy XV" are being directed by Nomura, there would be a big gap between the release of the two games, "as [they] want each game to be perfect in terms of quality." Hashimoto repeated Nomura's statements about the game's announcement at E3 2013, and said that "the company thought it was about time it addressed speculation about the long-awaited conclusion to the trilogy." In October 2013, Teruzane Utada, the father of singer Hikaru Utada, said that Hikaru would once again be involved in the theme song, as she did with "Kingdom Hearts" and "Kingdom Hearts II". He later stated that it is still undecided on their involvement. In January 2014, actor Haley Joel Osment, the English voice of Sora in the series, said that he was in talks with the development team after the announcement and said that since dialogue was one of the last parts of the process, he believed he would not begin recording until mid-2014 at the earliest.

The Vikings later withdrew to York. The next year, 871, the great Viking army grew much larger. After twelve months in York, the great army moved south again into East Anglia. Setting up winter quarters at Thetford they defeated King Edmund of East Anglia. Next, in the fall of 870 they moved to Reading. Athelred with his brother Alfred arrived with their army to meet the new threat. In the battle that followed, the Battle of Reading, both sides suffered many casualties. Athelred's army was defeated. Four days later the two armies met again at the Battle of Ashdown. This time the West Saxons won the victory and the Vikings retreated to Reading. Two weeks later Athelred and Alfred led the West Saxons against the Danes at Basing where the Danes won. Two months passed without any fighting between them. The next battle was at a place called Merantun. After a day long battle which the English were winning, the Danes were able to regain their lost ground. Just after mid-April in 871, Athelred died. At this point Wessex was the last remaining kingdom that hadn't been destroyed by the Vikings. Within a month, Alfred, who replaced his brother as king, was defeated at Wilton. There were nine more battles between the West Saxons and the Danes in the next year. Wessex finally paid the Vikings for peace which ended the fighting. Alfred remained on the throne. Of the two known leaders of the Danes, Ivar the Boneless disappeared from the records after 871. His brother Halfdan Ragnarsson was still the leader when the Danes withdrew from Wessex to winter in London the same year.

Timpani (sometimes called kettle drums) are drums that are made out of large bowls that are usually made of copper shaped by craftsmen, which after being tuned, have a skin-like material stretched over the top. This material used to be a type of vellum or treated skin, but modern drums use a synthetic material. This top section is known as the "drumhead". 
"Timpani" is an Italian word. It is also a plural of the word "timpano". However "timpano" is rarely used in informal English. More often, a timpano is referred to as a "drum", a "timpani", or simply a "timp". Someone who plays a timpani is called a "timpanist".
Timpani are different from other drums because they are tuned to certain musical notes. A timpanist will often describe the drum as being "in voice" (or out of voice, as the case may be) when it is correctly tuned. To play it, it is hit with a special drumstick or "timpani mallet". Other drums that are used in orchestras and bands make a sound rather than a note, and are not tuned. A player normally sits with a group of two, three or four timpani around him, which is why the name timpani is in the plural. 
Timpani were originally used in official bands. They can still be seen in the bands of the modern official as in the Household Cavalry of Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom, in which the "kettle drums" (as they are called) are carried by large drumhorses. In the 1700s timpani became popular in orchestral music, and can be heard in the music of Handel, Beethoven and other 19th century composers wrote music that needed the timpani. Nowadays all large orchestras have timpani, and some bands that play popular music use them as well.

The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle makes no mention of Offa for the years between 757—777. No Mercian chronicles from this time period have survived. Charters are the only records that give any idea of Offa's power outside of Mercia. But he proved to be ruthless, bold and creative in bringing Kent, Sussex and Essex under his control. Aethelbert the king of Kent was apparently under Offa's influence before he died in 762. In 794 another Aethelbert, a king in East Anglia was beheaded at Offa's command. When Egbert of Wessex made a bid for the throne of Wessex in 786 Offa had him banished from England. He made Beorhtric king of Wessex instead. Egbert was welcomed at the court of Charlemagne for at least three years. In charters Offa issued in Kent, East Anglia, Sussex and Middlesex he simply used the style "Rex Merciorum" (Latin for king of Mercia). Only in three church charters does he expand his title to indicate he is overlord of all of England. 
Offa had diplomatic relations with Charlemagne. He was one of the few Anglo-Saxon monarchs to have dealings with continental rulers. Letters and presents were exchanged. But when Offa sought a marriage of his son to one of Charlemagne's daughters, relations were quickly cut off. Charlemagne had all Frankish ports closed to British ships. Offa, very involved in church affairs, presided over church councils personally in 786-7. In 787 he convinced the pope to create the position of archbishop of Lichfield in Mercia. He wanted his own archbishop who was closer at hand than the Archbishop of Canterbury. He reorganized the defenses of his kingdom. One of these defenses, Offa's Dyke was a massive earthworks between Mercia and the Welsh kingdoms to the west. Offa died in 796. His son, Ecgfrith, lasted only 141 days as king. Mercia was never again as powerful as it was during Offa's reign.

Because the storm was so large, its highly destructive eye-wall winds and the strong northeastern quadrant of the storm pushed record storm surges onshore, smashing all of the Mississippi Gulf Coast, including towns in Mississippi such as Waveland, Bay St. Louis, Pass Christian, Long Beach, Gulfport, Biloxi, Ocean Springs, Gautier and Pascagoula, and, in Alabama, Bayou La Batre. The surges at its peak were at 28 feet (8.5 m) in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi, and at 13 feet (4.0 m) as far away as Mobile, Alabama, which saw its highest storm surge since 1917. Storm surge was particularly high due to the hydrology of the region, the hurricane's extreme size, and the fact that it weakened only shortly before landfall. As Katrina moved inland diagonally over Mississippi, high winds cut a swath of damage that affected almost the entire state.
Katrina stayed at hurricane strength in Mississippi, but it soon weakened. It lost hurricane strength more than 150 miles (240 km) inland, near Meridian, Mississippi. Katrina was then lowered into a tropical depression near Clarksville, Tennessee and broke in half. One half of the storm continued to race northward, affecting the Central United States, and it was last noticeable in the eastern Great Lakes region. On August 31, it was absorbed by a frontal boundary and became a powerful extratropical low, causing 1.97–6.69 inches (50–170 mm) of rain in 12 hours. It also caused gale-force wind gusts from 31 to 61 mph (50 to 98 km/h) in southeastern Quebec and northern New Brunswick. In the region of Saguenay and Côte-Nord, rain caused breakdowns and failure in roads. The Côte-Nord region was isolated from the rest of Quebec for at least 1 week. However, the other half of Katrina broke off in the eastern part of the Appalachians, which caused a major tornado outbreak in the area from central Georgia to central Pennsylvania. The tornadoes were strong, killing two people and creating heavy damage.

Frodo begins his journey with his friend and gardener, Samwise Gamgee, better known as "Sam". Meanwhile, Gandalf meets with the wizard Saruman in his fortress Isengard, but discovers Saruman has allied with Sauron. Saruman battles with Gandalf and imprisons him. As Frodo and Sam continue their journey, they are joined by two other hobbits, Merry and Pippin. The four hobbits find themselves being chased by the Nazgûl, a group of evil Men under Sauron's control who are drawn to the ring. They arrive at Bree, but Gandalf never arrives because he was imprisoned. They meet a mysterious man named "Strider", who promises to guide them to the elf land of Rivendell. However, the Nazgûl ambush the hobbits at one point. Strider rescues them and fights them off, but not before the Witch-King, the Nazgûl leader, stabs Frodo with a Morgul blade, which will slowly turn him into one of the Nazgûl if he isn't healed. Arwen, an elf and Strider's love interest, finds the group and helps Frodo to Rivendell, where the elves heal him. Gandalf escapes Isengard on a large eagle to Rivendell. Arwen's father, Lord Elrond, holds a council meeting of elves, men, dwarves, and Frodo and Gandalf. The council decides the Ring must be destroyed in Mount Doom. Frodo decides to take the Ring, accompanied by Gandalf, Sam, Merry, Pippin, elf Legolas, dwarf Gimli, Boromir of Gondor, and Strider, who is revealed to actually be Aragorn, who is meant to be the king of Gondor. The group is named the "Fellowship of the Ring". The night before the Fellowship leaves, Bilbo, who now lives in Rivendell, gives Frodo his sword, Sting, which glows blue when orcs are nearby, and a chainmail shirt made of a strong material known as "mithril".

Robert Pardi of TV Guide reviewed the movie saying "This 20-years-later follow-up fails to capture the zest (heart/spirt) of the original cartoon, transforming (turning) E. B. White's beloved characters into cute sidekicks worthy of Barney." He also said the animation was poor (bad). Mike long, of DVD Talk, reviewed the movie saying "The lame story isn't helped by the mediocre (bad) at best animation. The art has no real style and could have come from any Saturday morning cartoon. He continuously called the movie different and humorus names: "Charlotte's Web 2: The Quickening", "Charlotte's Web 2: Dead by Dawn", "Charlotte's Web 2: Island of Lost Dreams", "Charlotte's Web 2: The Nightmare Isn't Over", "Charlotte's Web 2: When Nature Calls", and "Charlotte's Web 2: The Wrath of Khan". He went on to say that "as "Charlotte's Web" is one of my all-time favorite stories, I had a great interest in "Charlotte's Web 2: Wilbur's Great Adventure". However, what I found was a bargain-basement sequel that does nothing to advance the original stories or characters. The DVD offers a very nice transfer, but the extras are pointless. There will be no spiders claiming that this is "Some DVD"." Out of five stars, he gave the content a one, the video a four, the audio a four, the extras a one, and the overall reply a one, with the advice to skip it. The one reviewer on Rotten Tomatoes that weighed in on the movie, Brian Webster of apolloguide.com, gave it rotten as well. Their summery of their review was "This is the sort of bland adventure that kids will have seen a hundred times before, with not-so-tense near-misses and not-so-exciting chases along the way."

When Ned was about nine, his father moved the family north to a new farm at Avenel. Ned saved a young boy, Richard Shelton, from drowning in Hughes Creek. The Shelton family, who owned the Royal Mail Hotel, gave Ned a sash made from green silk for his bravery. The sash was long and wide. He was wearing this sash under his armour when he was captured at Glenrowan. The sash, still covered in Ned Kelly's blood, is now kept in the Benalla Museum. Red was not a successful farmer and was soon arrested for stealing cattle. In May 1866, he was given one month in prison and had to pay a fine of £25. Red died on 27 December 1866, and is buried in the Avenel Cemetery.
Ellen Kelly moved the family to Greta. There were other members of Ellen's family living in the area. Her father, James Quinn, had moved from Beveridge to a large farm, called Glenmore, on the King River in north east Victoria. Her sisters, Catherine and Jane, and their ten children, were farming at Greta. Their husbands, brothers John and Thomas Lloyd, were in prison for stealing cattle. When Ellen came to Greta, her brothers, James, William and John Quinn, moved from Glenmore to help the sisters and their families. Some of the Quinn family had also been sent to prison for cattle stealing. James, Ellen's brother, had been charged ten times for cattle stealing. In 1868, Red Kelly's brother, James Kelly, came to visit Ellen. He got drunk and after an argument with the sisters, tried to burn their house down. He was given the death penalty, but this was later changed to 15 years in prison. The police thought the whole family were trouble makers and criminal.

In 1991, the place where the Imperial family and their servants were supposedly buried as found in the woods outside Yekaterinburg. It had actually been found almost ten years earlier, but had been kept hidden by the people who discovered it. They did not want the Communists, who still ruled Russia at that time, to know where the grave was. The grave only had nine bodies instead of 11. DNA and studies on their skeletons showed that they were the bodies of Tsar Nicholas II, his wife, and three of the Grand Duchesses (Olga, Tatiana, and Maria). The other remains had different DNA. They were the bodies of the family's doctor (Yevgeny Botkin), valet (Alexei Trupp), cook (Ivan Kharitonov) and Alexandra's maid (Anna Demidova). Dr. William Maples decided that the Tsarevitch Alexei and Anastasia's bodies were missing. Russian scientists did not agree with this. They claimed that it was the body of Maria was missing, not Anastasia's. The Russians used a computer program to compare photos of Anastasia with the skulls from the grave. When some of the pieces of bone in the skulls were missing, they guessed how long or wide it was instead. American scientists thought this way of studying the bodies was wrong.
American scientists thought the missing body was Anastasia's. This was because none of the female skeletons showed signs that it was not fully grown yet. The remains of the Imperial Family were buried in 1998. At that time, a body that measured about 5 feet, 7 inches (170 cm) was buried as the body of Anastasia. Photographs of her standing next to her sisters six months before she died show that Anastasia was a few inches shorter than all of them.

Andrade made his debut on December 2, 1947 to his last match for the Celeste on June 5, 1957. He earned 42 caps for the Celeste called national team of his home country and he scored once. He took part in the 1950 and 1954 World Cups. He celebrated the greatest success of his career by winning the world championship title in 1950, He was known for his performance at that tournament, his defensive duties included the marking of Zizinho, a task he was successful at until the beginning of the second half, when Ademir assisted Friaça, who scored the 1–0. However, Rodríguez Andrade later recounts that he saw the linesman raise his flag during the game, appearing to indicate an offside position for Brazilian striker. In the moment, the Uruguayan lets slip Friaça towards a face to face with the goalkeeper Roque Máspoli. After the opener, Rodríguez confided to his captain Varela: “There was offside, Jacinto”. Then, in a key moment of the match, the captain, with the ball under his arm, protested for a few moments to the referee. The goal remains validated, but Varela cooled the enthusiasm of the Brazilians and silenced the crowd. Uruguay rallied, with Juan Alberto Schiaffino scoring the equalizer and Alcides Ghiggia the winner, to plunge an entire country into disarray known as the Maracanaço and he was included in the All-Star Team. Four years later, in Switzerland, the World Cup attraction is the Hungarian team. In the first round, the "golden team" scores 17 goals in its first two victories. Meanwhile, Uruguay won against Czechoslovakia and Scotland 2–0 and 7–0 respectively, to triumph in their group. In the second round, Celeste beat England 4–2, while Hungary overcame Brazilon the same score. The reigning world champions and favorites meet in the semi-finals, and in a memorable match, it takes the Magyars 120 minutes to hand Uruguay their first ever World Cup defeat. Just like in 1950, Rodríguez Andrade played every match in Tournament and put on a good performance in his last World Cup appearance, even though he had to play much of the game with a pulled muscle.

Another late-cycle revision of the Wii (also called the RVL-201) was announced on November 27, 2012. As its name suggests, the Wii Mini is the smallest model of the Wii. Like the Family Edition, it is not compatible with GameCube games or its accessories. In addition, it also does not have online features and several built-in channels, such as the Photo Channel and the Weather Channel, similar to the Wii Mode on the Wii U. It also can only sit horizontally. The main feature is its notable redesign. Unlike the original Wii and Family Edition, which are mostly white, the Wii Mini is black with a red frame. All the buttons are located on the top of the console, and it lacks online support for Wii games. Additionally, the Wii Mini has a manually operated top-loading disc drive (similar to that of the GameCube) instead of the slots that former models have. The console launched in Canada on December 7, 2012 for $99.99. It was then released in Europe on March 15, 2013 at a cost of at least $79.99. It was then launched in the UK on March 22, 2013 for $99.99. It was finally launched in North America on November 17, 2013, bundled with a red Wii Remote Plus and a red Nunchuk for $99.99. Like its predecessor, the Wii Mini was not released in any Asian countries and it was not released in Australia either. The Wii Mini is the third home Nintendo console since the SNES and NES to receive a redesign right after their respective successors launched though the NES 101 model launched two years after the SNES launched. The N64 received no redesigns of any kind, and the GameCube had a small revision that lacked the unused Serial Port 2 (though the cover still remains) and the unpopular Digital AV Out port.

This change to the penis is common in many countries of the world including the United States and Israel. It is uncommon, but often causes the man to die. Circumcision has been suggested to reduce the risk of cancer of the cervix in female sexual partners and some cancers of the penis. Circumcision reduces, but does not eliminate, the risk of getting or spreading HIV/AIDS. Circumcision became more common in Africa after HIV/AIDS began but use of condoms remain more effective ways of preventing sexually transmitted diseases. 
People disagree about whether circumcision is a good for health and sexual pleasure. People who think circumcision is a good idea may point to health reasons. Circumcision reduces sexually transmitted diseases like HIV and HPV, prevents certain kinds of cancer, and gets rid of infections and unpleasant smells under the foreskin. If circumcision is done soon after birth, it makes it less common for baby boys to get urinary tract infections (UTIs). UTIs can cause permanent damage to the kidneys. Many people think a penis looks better if it is circumcised. A study done in the United States found that the women prefer a circumcised penis, to look at and in sexual activity, especially if they are going to put their mouth on the penis. In countries where most boys are circumcised as babies, parents sometimes think that uncircumcised boys will be teased. Some boys are mean to a boy if his penis looks different. Bullying was a bigger problem in the past when boys had to take showers together at school after gym class or before swimming. People opposed to routine circumcision are called "intactivists".

The killings beginning after the capitulation of Italy in 1943, and the massacres of 1945 occurred partly under conditions of guerrilla fighting of Slovenian and Croatian partisans with the German and remaining Italian Fascist forces, and partially after the occupation of the territory by the army formations of Yugoslavia. Killings may have included war crimes as well as civilian crimes of private or political retaliation, as well as "political cleansing" and planned ethnic cleansing since 1947. Also Italian communists with Slav partisans killed Italian people; in addition to the foibe, several other carnages committed by Italian communist partisans under Palmiro Togliatti's command in the resistance movement have remained unacknowledged and undiscussed for many years.
Victims were not all Italians because many killed citizen were anticommunist Croats and Slovenes: many women were raped before killing. Historians like Raoul Pupo or Roberto Spazzali estimated the total number of victims at about 5,000; Guido Rumici calculates from 11,000 upwards including all people died in concentration camps; Giampaolo Pansa calculates around 15,000 people died in concentration camps; fascist politician and historian Giorgio Pisanò calculated total from 10,000 upwards. It was never possible to extract all the thousands of corpses from foibes because some of them are deeper than several hundred meters. Until few years ago it had been able to extract from the pits just a small number of bodies, less than six hundred while other sources are attempting to compile lists of locations and possible victim numbers. Almost all historians calculate hundreds of victims were assassinated by hard pushes to foibe while the estimated number of total people killed in concentration camps is disputed and varies in thousands; probably only some of the bodies were hidden in foibe but a lot of bodies were accumulated in mass graves. Main concentration camps were in: Borovnica, Skofja Loka, Osijek, Stara Gradiska, Sisak, Zemun, Vrsac, Osseh, Aidussina, Maribor.

Masseria was shot to death in a restaurant in New York by Maranzano's soldiers; one of them was Vito Genovese, a man who would later become boss. That was also the end of the "Castellammarese War." With the death of Masseria, Maranzano appointed himself the boss of the New York Mafia, who was called in Italian the "Capo di tutti Capi", meaning "Boss of all Bosses." He called a meeting with the other "mafiosi" (Italian for Mafia members) from all over the US and made the rules that are still used today.
The bosses of the five families, particularly Luciano, began to grow tired of Maranzano's arrogance and how he ran the mafia. Maranzano realized that and planned to have Luciano and his "consigliere" and "underboss", Vito Genovese and Frank Costello, killed, as well as others. Maranzano did not act quickly enough and was killed by men dressed as police officers on the orders of Luciano and his friend, a Jewish gangster from Florida named Meyer Lansky. Luciano then became the head of the New York mafia but not how Maranzano had been. He helped the five families run their business but he did not control them or call himself the "boss of bosses". The five families were kept.
The Profaci family (named after the first boss Joseph Profaci) went on to become named the Colombo crime family after a later boss, Joseph Colombo. The Mangano family (named after the first boss Vincent Mangano) went on to become named the Gambino crime family after a later boss, Carlo Gambino. The Gagliano family (named after the first boss Thomas Gagliano) went on to become named the Lucchese crime family after a later boss, Gaetano Lucchese. Frank Costello became the boss of Luciano's old family, which later went on to become named the Genovese crime family after Vito Genovese became the boss and tried to kill Frank Costello. The Bonanno family (named after the first boss, Joseph Bonanno) kept its name as he was the boss for a very long time.

Joseph Weber added that the Archdukes and Archduchesses were allowed to make friends with "ordinary" (common) children. Except on formal celebrations, people who did not have a very high birth or title were still liked and allowed into the court. Marie Antoinette was known as "Antoine" when she was young. The Austrian court young Madame Antoine grew up in was already beginning to become much less formal. Antoine was taught by Countess Brandeis, who loved Marie Antoinette and treated her very kindly. Antoine's first recorded letter, written when she was 11 or 12, was to "dearest Brandeis" from "your faithful pupil (student) who loves you dearly, Antoine". However, though the countess taught Antoine about morality and religion, she did not educate her on many other subjects, and Antoine did not like to concentrate. Later, one of her friends said that when she talked, her words were not connected, "like a grasshopper". In fact, when Antoine was 12 she could not write or even speak French and German properly, though she spoke Italian well. She greatly loved music, though. In 1759, shortly before she became four years old, Antoine sang a French song at a party for her father, while her brothers and sisters sang Italian songs. She listened to and met Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart who was playing "marvellously" once, too. Mozart tried to propose to Antoinette. She would eventually be a fan of Mozart’s music. She was also famous for her beautiful dancing and the graceful way she carried her head. She had been officially taught by the famous French ballet master Jean-Georges Noverre. She was much less skilled at reading.

On November 25, following the closing WarGames match of Survivor Series: War Games, held at Punk’s hometown of Chicago, Illinois, which concluded in a victory by Cody Rhodes, Seth Rollins, Jey Uso, Sami Zayn, and the returning Randy Orton against The Judgment Day (Damian Priest, Finn Bálor, "Dirty" Dominik Mysterio and JD McDonagh) and Drew McIntyre, CM Punk returned to the company after 9 years (excluding his appearances on "WWE Backstage" in 2019/2020 under Fox contract). This was a shock to many, thinking that Punk was not going to show up since it was the last match of the night, along with the fact that CM Punk has publicly criticized WWE’s treatment of him and stating multiple times that he would “never ever” go back to the company. Seth Rollins, however, reacted aggressively towards this, which led to many fans believing that a storyline between him and CM Punk is cooking. After making appearances on "Raw" two nights later, the "Tribute to the Troops" special episode of "SmackDown", and at NXT Deadline, he signed with the Raw brand on the December 11 episode of "Raw". He was subsequently confronted by Rollins, teasing a future match, and officially announced his entry into the 2024 Royal Rumble match. At the event on January 27, Punk entered at number 27 during the Royal Rumble match, his first match on WWE TV since 2014. He was the last man eliminated in the match by winner Cody Rhodes. During the match, Punk injured his right tricep, making him unable to compete at WrestleMania XL, which he confirmed in a promo two days later on "Raw".

The National Hurricane Center (NHC) began to track a tropical wave associated with a few showers and thunderstorms, moving westward off the coast of northern Central America on July 17. Four days later, thunderstorm activity became stronger; by July 22, the area of low pressure became better organized. On July 23, the NHC noted that the system could become a tropical depression within the next two days; however, they also noted that wind shear could increase within a couple of days. After an ASCAT pass and an increase in convection, the NHC upgraded the storm to Tropical Storm Genevieve on July 25. A few hours later, the system attained its initial peak strength of 45 mph (75 km/h).
Shortly afterwards, increased wind shear took its toll on the system, causing Genevieve to lose its organization as it continued westward, under the influence of a subtropical ridge and the Intertropical Convergence Zone. After the low-level circulation center was exposed and became separated from the deep convection, the NHC downgraded Genevieve to a tropical depression on July 26. Although deep convection increased near the center early on the next day, Genevieve continued to fight westerly shear when crossing 140°W, moving into the waters monitored by the Central Pacific Hurricane Center (CPHC). Due to the lack of deep convection, the CPHC indicated that Genevieve had become a post-tropical remnant low early on July 28, as only a low-level cloud swirl remained. However, the CPHC noted the possibility of re-development since shear was forecast to decrease.

British Columbia's large mineral resources also led to a large mining industry. For the most of the 19th century, and well into the 20th century, mining was highly profitable. For the immigrants, once again, this was another opportunity to exploit. Large numbers of immigrants, skilled from their experience mining at home, filled up the labour demands, and quickly, new towns were formed. The city of Nanaimo, for instance, was founded thanks to a large amount of coal found in its harbour. Coal especially, was the fuel of the industry, as coal was required for everything it the time, from ships, to trains, to the heater in everyone's homes.
Since BC's location is on the coast, fishing has been very prevalent in British Columbia. Before agriculture had developed very far in BC, and well before farming fish was even a viable option, fishing was the only reliable way to get food. The native people of BC already had a very active fishing industry, with large hauls of salmon, and other creatures sustaining them. When civilization came, the fishing industry took off, as everybody needed to eat, and there was not enough agricultural goods to go around. In fishing, once again, it was the immigrants that pulled it off. Mostly Japanese workers, and their families, came. Using their rich heritage of industrialized fishing, they were able to out compete every other fisherman, that by the turn of the century, the dockyards, canneries, and fishing fleets were filled to the brim with the Japanese. Only the forced Japanese internment in WW2 put a halt to the monopoly the Japanese had on fishing in British Columbia. Today, fishing is still a powerful force, although fettered by ordinances to prevent overfishing.

The Asturian kings would occasionally make peace with the Muslims, particularly at times when they needed to pursue their other enemies, the Basques and rebels in Galicia. Thus Fruela I (757–68) killed 40,000 Muslims but also defeated the Basques and Galicians, and Silo (774–83) made peace with the Muslims but not with the Galicians. Under King Alfonso II (791–842), the kingdom was firmly established with Alfonso's recognition as king of Asturias by Charlemagne and the Pope. He conquered Galicia and the Basques. During his reign, the holy bones of St James the Great were declared to be found in Galicia, in Compostela (from Latin "campus stellae", literally "the field of the star"). Pilgrims from all over Europe opened a way of communication between the isolated Asturias and the Carolingian lands and beyond. Alfonso's policy consisted in depopulating the borders of Bardulia (which would turn into Castile) in order to gain population support north of the mountains. With this growth came a corresponding increase in military forces. The kingdom was now strong enough to sack the Moorish cities of Lisbon, Zamora and Coimbra. However, for centuries to come the focus of these actions was not conquest but pillage and tribute. In the summers of 792, 793 and 794 several Muslim attacks plundered Alava, and the heart of the Asturian kingdom, reaching up to the capital, Oviedo. In one of the retreats, Alfonso inflicted a severe defeat on the Muslims in the swampy area of Lutos, killing 70,000.

Stoker was to have two younger brothers and the family was to move to Sligo Town while Stoker was still young. 
Cholera is an infectious disease (like flu or Covid) that makes people very unhealthy and may make them die. In 1832 cholera spread through many countries in the world. After a while cholera reached Sligo Town where Stoker lived. Cholera was very bad in Sligo. No other town in Ireland or Great Britain had it worse. Many caring for those who lost their health from cholera were also to catch and die from cholera. People were very worried and behaved very bad. For example they put people in graves before they were dead. Stoker, who was a 14 year-old child, seen and remembered all their bad things. Her family were in fear and went to Ballyshannon (some by road to the north) where they had other family. But the people of Ballyshannon were in fear that the Stoker family might have caught cholera and told them to go away. 
Stoker married in 1844. She met her husband-to-be Abraham in Coleraine, County Londonderry, while he was on holiday from his job at Dublin Castle. He was about 20 years older than her. His ancestors had come to Ireland with William of Orange and had made living by farming land they owned themselves. Once married they moved to Harcourt Street in Dublin before moving to The Crescent in Clontarf. They had seven children: Thornley, Matilda, Abraham (Bram), Tom, Richard, Margaret, and finally George was born in 1855. Bram was not a healthy child and had to stay in bed until he was seven years old. While Stoker taught all of the children at home Bram needed additional attention. Eventually all Stoker's sons were to be taught at Trinity College Dublin (TCD).

In 2006, his administration carried out 141 of the promised projects, making that year the most active in the governor's term. The 608 projects Peña Nieto proposed consisted of creating highways, building hospitals, and creating adequate water systems to provide fresh water throughout the state. The most important of these was highway infrastructure, which tripled under Peña's government. By mid-2011, the official page of the State of Mexico noted that only two projects were left. The major projects in public transportation were the Suburban Railway of the Valley of Mexico Metropolitan Area and the "Mexibús", both of which served commuters between Mexico City and the State of Mexico, providing service to more than 300,000 people every day and 100 million a year. Regarding public health services, 196 hospitals and medical centers were built throughout the state and the number of mobile units to attend remote and vulnerable areas doubled. Deaths caused by respiratory diseases were reduced by 55%, while deaths caused by dysentery and cervical cancer were reduced by 68% and 25% respectively. In addition, between 2005 and 2011, the State of Mexico was able to fulfill the requirement of the World Health Organization of having one doctor for every 1,000 inhabitants. The funds for these and all the other commitments were obtained through restructuring the state's public debt, a strategy designed by his first Secretary of Finance, Luis Videgaray Caso. The restructuring also managed to keep the debt from increasing during Peña Nieto's term because the tax base was broadened to the point that it doubled in six years.

After over a year spent in Italy as a representative of Marx and Engels Cafiero felt the influence of anarchism. And thanks to the friendship with Giuseppe Fanelli, he passed on to the other side of the barricade, with Bakunin and his Italian followers. In early 1872 came the first issue of the newspaper "La Campana" and Cafiero wrote for, and gave money towards the publication. In the same year he met Bakunin in Locarno (Switzerland). In the summer of 1873, with the help of Cafiero, an old project was realised: to create an international center for the revolution in Italy and the world. Cafiero, selling all his inherited lands, bought a farm in Switzerland where Bakunin could live. This center was called "La Baronata", would also be a safe shelter for revolutionaries persecuted by their respective governments. In 1875 Cafiero went to Milan and joined the editorial staff of the first socialist daily paper, "La Plebe", directed by Enrico Bignami. In April 1877, Cafiero, Malatesta, Ceccarelli, the Russian Stepniak and 30 other comrades began an insurrection in the province of Benevento. They took the village of Letino without violence and with great enthusiasm. Arms and food were expropriated and distributed amongst the people, tax money was returned and official documents destroyed. Cafiero, in dialect, explained about anarchism, freedom, justice and the new society without the State, without masters, servants, soldiers and owners. His proclamations convinced even the parish priest who called the rebel group 'the true apostles sent by the Lord'. The following day the village of Gallo was taken in a similar fashion. As they were leaving Gallo the Internationalists were surprised and surrounded by government troops and all were arrested. Held in prison for over a year before being brought to trial all the accused were eventually acquitted in August 1878. In 1878, Cafiero was living in Marseilles working as cook and docker. In October he was arrested with Malatesta, then released and expelled from France. He rested in Switzerland, meeting with Kropotkin, and with the collaboration of Élisée Reclus promoted the publications of Bakunin. In 1881 Cafiero went to London, where he remained for a long time. In March 1882 he returned to Italy, expressing the will to take part in the imminent electoral campaign.

Saarinen's architectural firm was called "Eero Saarinen and Associates". He was the principal partner from 1950 until his death in 1961. The firm was initially known as "Saarinen, Swansen and Associates", headed by Eliel Saarinen and Robert Swansen from the late 1930s until Eliel's death in 1950. The firm was located in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan until 1961 when the practice was moved to Hamden, Connecticut. Under Eero Saarinen, the firm carried out many of its most important works, including the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial (Gateway Arch) in St. Louis, Missouri, the Miller House in Columbus, Indiana, the TWA Flight Center at John F. Kennedy International Airport that he worked on with Charles J. Parise, and the main terminal of Dulles International Airport near Washington, D.C.. Many of these projects use catenary curves in their structural designs. Saarinen designed one of the best-known thin-shell concrete structures in America, the Kresge Auditorium (MIT). Another thin-shell structure that he created is the Ingalls Rink (Yale University), which has suspension cables connected to a single concrete backbone and is nicknamed "the whale." He is known for the TWA Flight Center, which represents the culmination of his previous designs and demonstrates his expressionism and the technical marvel in concrete shells.
Eero worked with his father, mother and sister designing elements of the Cranbrook campus in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, including the Cranbrook School, Kingswood School, the Cranbrook Art Academy and the Cranbrook Science Institute. Eero's leaded glass designs are a prominent feature of these buildings throughout the campus. 
http://www.arkitekturanyc.com/cat3.htm

There is recorded by Persian poets and historians in the Shahnameh. According to this records, the Persian king Bahram V of Sassanid Empire, brought several thousand musicians from India to Persia. From Persia, the descendants of the Indian musicians migrated to different countries.
According Ottoman and Turkish historians and linguists, the Romanlar in Turkey are the descendants of mixed Ancestry, the so called Chingan (Musicans-Dancers), who once came from Hindustan, trough trading relationships at the Silk Road with the Byzantine Empire, from the Indian subcontinent into Egypt, who was at that time a part of the Byzantine Empire. They settled in Koptos (Qift) at the Nile for a while. Later, when the Muslim Arabian made fight with the Byzantine Empire, the Romanlar went with them as Camp followers to Asia Minor and settled first in Phrygia, from there they went to Thrace in Europe at 800 AD. The Greeks called them Atsingani. The oldest sedentary settlment of Romanlar was in Sulukule in Istanbul, dating back to 1054 AD. The Byzantine Historian Nikephoros Gregoras, told of Acrobats who came from Egypt to Constantinople in 1322. The Ottoman Historian Evliya Çelebi described in his Book Seyhatnâme, the language and Background of the Roma people, that after the Fall of Constantinople in 1453, Sultan Mehmed II settled Roma from Gümülcine and Muslim Roma's from Bayat village Aydın Province and Sanjak of Menteşe to Istanbul as Dancers and Musicians. At the time of Ottoman Empire they got their own Sanjak (district) in East Thrace in 1530 by the Order of Suleiman the Magnificent. Turkish speaking Muslim Roma also settled from Anatolia in the Balkans under the rule of the Ottoman Empire. Today in Bulgaria, Greece (West-Thrace) and Romania (Dobruja) there live a Turkish speaking Muslim Roma minority. Many Romanlar live in Istanbul , Edirne and İzmir.

At the outbreak of the Civil War, Meade had risen to the rank of captain in the regular army. He was appointed a brigadier general to command a brigade of Pennsylvania volunteers. He was given the task of building several fortifications near Tenallytown, Maryland. It was about this time he gained his nickname "The Old Snapping Turtle" for being short-tempered with junior officers and his superiors. He was especially short with civilians and newspaper reporters. His command was attached to the Army of the Potomac in March 1862. His troops fought in the Battle of Beaver Dam Creek and the Battle of Gaines's Mill. Meade was seriously wounded at the Battle of Glendale. He remained on the battlefield giving orders until a loss of blood from two bullet wounds forced him to leave the field. He recovered in a Philadelphia hospital and returned to duty in September. He led a division of "Pennsylvania Reserves" at the Battle of South Mountain and again three days later on September 17, 1862 at the Battle of Antietam. At Antietam he took temporary command of I Corps after the corps commander was wounded. He participated in the Battle of Fredericksburg and after the battle was made commander of the V Corps. In May 1863, Meade's V Corps protected the important fords on the Rappahannock River at the Battle of Chancellorsville. Despite the Union Army heavily outnumbering the Confederates, the Army of the Potomac was defeated. This led to General Hooker being replaced as commander. On June 28, 1863 Meade was given overall command of the Army of the Potomac.

Hodgson et al. states:”The African Ethiopic ancestry is tightly restricted to HOA populations and likely represents an autochthonous HOA population. The non-African ancestry in the HOA, which is primarily attributed to a novel Ethio-Somali inferred ancestry component, is significantly differentiated from all neighboring non-African ancestries in North Africa, the Levant, and Arabia.”According to Hodgson et al. (2014), the non-African ancestry (Ethio-Somali) in the Cushitic speaking populations is distinct and unique to Cushitic and Semitic speaking HOA populations. Hodgson et al. states:”We find that most of the non-African ancestry in the HOA can be assigned to a distinct non-African origin Ethio-Somali ancestry component, which is found at its highest frequencies in Cushitic and Semitic speaking HOA populations.”When calculated the genetic distance (FST) between Ethiosemitic-speaking and Cushitic-speaking Ethiopians, and populations of the Levant, North Africa, and the Arabian Peninsula using two approaches: (1) the whole genome and (2) only the non-African component — in the whole-genome analysis, Ethiopian Semitic and Cushitic populations appear to be closest to the Yemeni; when only the non-African component is used, they are closer to the Egyptians and populations inhabiting the Levant. However this is due to the fact that the similarity is because of the Ethiopian contribution to the Yemeni gene pool. Pagani et al. (2012) states:”The Ethiopian similarity with the Yemeni detected throughout the genome could be explained as an Ethiopian contribution to the Yemeni gene pool, consistent with that observed with mtDNA.”A 2015 study by Dobon et al. identified an ancestral autosomal component of West Eurasian origin that is common to many modern Afroasiatic-speaking populations in Northeast Africa. Known as the ‘’Coptic’’ component, it peaks among Egyptian Copts who settled in Sudan over the past two centuries. The Coptic component evolved out of a main Northeast African and Middle Eastern ancestral component that is shared by other Egyptians and also found at high frequencies among Cushites (≈40–60%), with the remaining 40–60% of the ancestry of Cushites being of sub-Saharan East African origin. However, these percentages are not certain since Figure 3 of the study by Dobon et al. only features these percentages in the k=3 model.

In the eleventh chapter of "Feelin' So Good", appropriately entitled "First Number One Single", Lopez reveals the moment when she found out that "If You Had My Love" went number one in the United States. Lopez reveals how she came to record "Let's Get Loud" and her performance of the song at the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup is shown. In "Jennifer's Energy", Medina discusses Lopez's ability to work at late hours of the night. Her 1999 Billboard Music Awards performance of the Hex Hector remix of "Waiting for Tonight" is then shown. She explains how the Hex Hector remix of the song came about and the alternative music video that was created for it. A megamix video of the original and Hex Hector remix follows. The twentieth chapter, "Jennifer's Mom", is an interview with Lopez's mother discussing what was like to see Lopez on television for the first time. Lopez then discusses her surprise to the amount of fans she had and their dedication in "Fan Support". In "Working on Record", the twenty-second chapter of "Feelin' So Good", Lopez discusses the process of writing and recording the album. Lynda interviews her choreographer Tina Landon on what it is like to work with her, before her 1999 Blockbuster Awards performance of "If You Had My Love" is shown. Footage is then shown of Lopez "goofing around" during a photoshoot, before the music video to her song "Baila" is shown, for the very first time. In "Film Energy vs. Music Energy" Lopez compares the difference between the fans of her movies and of her music. In the final interview footage of "Feelin' So Good", Lopez explains the concept behind the music video of "Feelin' So Good" and why Big Pun and Fat Joe were chosen to be featured on the song. The music video is then shown and is faded out into the end credits.

Thomas Malory’s "Le Morte D’Arthur" was first printed by William Caxton, who is generally accepted to be the first printer in England. The printing of the first edition was carried out in 1485 by Caxton’s printing house and has been of great significance, since Caxton’s printed version allowed for further distribution and printing by other printing houses. Further printing of Malory’s text by different English printers is what allowed the creation of the canonical text of Arthurian literature in the English language, as this piece of writing became more widely distributed. During the times of Victorian Britain, Malory’s first printed version, and the whole genre of English Arthuriana, gained great popularity within the academia, as well as the general population. What was especially praised was Malory’s treatment of the topic of violence, which abundantly occurs in the legend. The occurrences of killings and rape were treated with a sense of religious significance and later act as patriotic and sacred, rather than barbaric and immoral, causing the text to become a symbol of morality and Godly ideology. Furthermore, it is not only Malory’s text that was praised. William Caxton and his printed edition were greatly valued by Victorian scholars, too. It was regarded as Caxton’s most influential production. The academia generally agreed that if it was not for Caxton’s agreement to print Malory’s text, English literature might have moved in a very different direction, or been radically altered, even. Although there are several different versions of Malory’s text, each is used for different purposes, as each was published with an altered, mostly modernized, version of the language.

A giant Himalayan cryptid-like ape named "Utam", Johhny find tries to save a sexy Russian Tarzanette from a sleazy show-biz promoter. then in a earthquake middle of the Himalayas erupting the mountain where the ape monster called "Peking Man" goes rampage in a nearby village. Arriving in India, Johnny finds an giant footprint from a 70-foot creature. In middle of morning where Johnny surround Utam's hand and drops down and attacking him, saved by Samantha. and finds a crashing plane wherabouts herself by parents killed. then in flashback, Samantha as a child arriving a giant cryptid. Samantha went eating fruit, a snake bitten her the thigh and a jaguar brawls off the snake. in nightfall, Utam tells leaving India, then move on. they captured by Lu Tien catching Utam was carried by a tanker ship as a exhibit in Hong Kong Stadium, the ship went underby storm and crashing onto the rock and pushes left. next morning when the crowd where Utam pushed by a chains onto the dump trucks and a wheel loaders. Utam shows Samantha slapped by Lu Tien, escaping Utam inside the cage breaks, Utam finds Samantha, wrecking the buildings. Utam smashing the window holds Lu Tien grabs by creature's hand and throws Lu Tien on the ground, and squashed his foot also killed. Utam went angrily to destroy several humans, buildings. arrived by a military armored cars and helicopters to shoot Utam. the creature climbing the Connaught Centre or Jardine House attacked by helicopters. to surrender Utam stopped by Samantha, continue to firing the creature. Utam destroyed the chopper, the army detonating the water tanks by gas and time bomb to explode the creature. Utam saving Samantha by an bombs inside the building, then Utam burns onto the fire his back onto and fell off the building and exploded Utam to rubble.

Since the birth of Canadian English via the publication of the Dictionary of Canadianisms on Historical Principles (DCHP-1) in 1967, the public awareness of this “distinct” variety has been greatly dulled by several factors. In his article entitled ‘The Groundhog Day Loop in Canadian English’, Stefan Dollinger points to the bridging efforts of David Suzuki and Bob McDonald’s efforts in “improving the public knowledge of science” and emphasizes that it is linguistic scholars in Canada “who are not only utterly and completely to blame for this situation” but who should certainly follow in the footsteps of Suzuki and McDonald in their public outreach. Dollinger goes on to point out Canadian journalists are also stuck in “Groundhog Day loop” whereby queries on the existence of Canadian English made decades ago are renewed, seemingly ignoring any evidence of resolution reported by other journalists. Indeed a search for “Canadianisms”, “Canadian slang” and “Canadian English” demonstrates continuous mixed messages on the part of traditional media. The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) reported on the second edition of the Dictionary of Canadianisms on Historical Principles in two separate articles in 2017 (see also Canadian Television Network: Where did that come from, eh? New Dictionary traces ‘Canadianism by Jackie Dunham 2017) and then printed an article in 2022 by Jackson Weaver entitled ‘Canada’s English Dictionary hasn’t been updated in almost 2 decades. What does that say about us?’. These examples illustrate a complete lack of continuity of narrative on the part of legacy media in informing the public on issues of Canadian identity like language.

In the beginning, it was mainly a guerrilla war in which Algerian "maquisards" (guerrillas) attacked French settlers. The FLN called on Muslims in Algeria to unite and join in a national struggle for the "restoration of the Algerian state, sovereign, democratic, and social, of the principles of Islam" since it considered that independence was not enough. French Interior Minister François Mitterrand, responded that "the only possible negotiation is war'". Initially, the higher-ranking French military was targeted, but in August 1955, the FLN targeted the civilian population as well. That began with the slaughter of 123 French-Algerian civilians, the murders of women and children, and the mutilation of corpses in Philippeville by the FLN on August 20 1955 and the death of some 50 Muslims. The FLN was also engaged in civil wars with the Algerian National Movement ("Mouvement national algérien; MNA"), founded by Messali Hadj. The MNA had a similar policy of violent revolution and total independence, but the FLN largely wiped out the MNA in Algeria. The MNA's remaining support was among Algerians within France. Their fighting during the war also took place in France itself and is called the "café wars" in which supporters of the FLN and the MNA supporters one another in French cafés and restaurants; 5,000 people were killed. French troops took revenge after the Battle of Philippeville and killed 1,270 (accodring to France) to 12,000 (according to Algeria) local Algerian Muslims. Moreover, after the attack, the French increased their troops to 250,000.

Relationships were important in Morrissey's teachings, speaking of male and female characters. Over the years Morrissey wrote articles for newspapers and magazines, writing on relationships. In her book, "No Less Than Greatness: Finding Perfect Love in Imperfect Relationships," Morrissey wrote about "relationship-building."(making friends) The book was taught worldwide. Writer Gary Zukav called the book "practical and inspiring," and writer Marianne Williamson wrote that the book "should be every couple's" friend(a guide for couples). Robert LaCrosse wrote that "No Less Than Greatness" was a recommended resource in his book "Learning From Divorce". Writer Dennis Jones recommended the book in his 2008 book "The Art of Being".
Morrissey used sentences from the Bible in her teaching, as well as the Talmud, the Tao Te Ching, Thoreau and others. Wishing to show the New Thought movement in a simple nature, Morrissey wrote the book "New Thought: A Practical Spirituality." Published by Penguin in 2002, the book was made of short essays from 40 New Thought leaders. The book was used for academic work: in the book "Alternative Psychotherapies" Jean Mercer referred to it as a key book for understanding the "engagement with the spiritual world." In Jones & Bartlett's 2009 book, "Spirituality, Health, and Healing", authors Young and Koopsen wrote that Morrissey's "New Thought" was important for understanding the difference between the New Thought movement and New Age, writing that "New Thought is not New Age". Many research books, including Oxford University Press' "Gurus of Modern Yoga", write that Morrissey's "New Thought" book was an important book in helping to understand the New Thought group.
Over the years Morrissey wrote articles for newspapers, magazines, and books. She wrote for "Success Magazine". Sentences taken from her books were published in magazines internationally, as well as in books. Her writings are written in self-help books, Christian teachings books, books about rights, work, and happiness. Simon & Schuster's "Chicken Soup for the Soul" series sometimes open chapters with her sentences.

Janemba was originally an ogre for King Yemma, working at a machine that could bring back the dead. When the machine malfunctioned, the Ogre turned into Janemba. Meanwhile, the malfunctioning brought all the dead villains back to life on Earth, under Frieza's command. Hercule goes to deal with the zombies, while Goku and Pikkon go to deal with Janemba, who has trapped King Yemma inside his palace. Janemba, Goku, and Pikkon begin their fight in the Underworld. Goku is able to deal with Janemba after some battling, and the monster reverts into Super Janemba. Super Janemba's immense power level allows him to easily deal with Super Saiyan 3 Goku, Pikkon, and Vegeta, who had been given his body temporarily to help fight Janemba. Eventually, Goku and Vegeta fuse, but something goes wrong, and they become a very fat and weak fusion named Veku. King Kai blames the messed up fusion on Vegeta, because he did not stretch his index finger out. Veku propels himself away from Super Janemba for the next 30 minutes by farting. In those 30 minutes, Goten and Trunks fight a revived Hitler. They begin easily dealing with him and the Nazis, eventually beating him as Super Gotenks with a Super Kamikaze Ghost Attack. Just after, Hercule is doing a good job fending off the zombies, while Frieza taunts Gohan and Videl. He orders his men to attack the couple, but Gohan easily gets through them, and destroys Frieza with a Ki Blast and a punch to the gut at the same time. This makes all the remaining zombies retreat. Back in the Underworld, Goku and Vegeta unfuse, and try fusing again. This time, it is successful, and Super Gogeta was born. Super Gogeta made quick work of Super Janemba, and ultimately destroyed him.

In 2014,The Super Kings started the season with a defeat in the opening match, after which they went on to win eight of their next nine matches to take the first spot in the points table. However, they suffered a loss of form towards the end of the regular season which resulted in three consecutive defeats. They won their last league fixture and finished third in the points table and qualified for the Eliminator against the fourth-placed Mumbai Indians. They won the Eliminator at Mumbai by 7 wickets and qualified for the Qualifier. At the Qualifier against Kings XI Punjab, the Super Kings won the toss and elected to field. Punjab went on to score 226/6 in their 20 overs. The Super Kings, in reply, could manage only 202/7 despite a 25-ball 87 from Raina. They crashed out of the IPL, but, on account of finishing third, qualified for the main event of the 2014 CLT20. In the group stage of the CLT20, the Super Kings won two matches, lost one while another match was a no result. Thus with 10 points they finished second in the group table and qualified for the semifinal where they met the unbeaten team of the other group, Kings XI Punjab. After being put in to bat, the Super Kings posted 182/7 in 20 overs thanks to Bravo who scored a 39-ball 67. Then their bowlers reduced Punjab to 34/6 in the eighth over, and Punjab were eventually bowled out for 117. At the final in Bangalore, the Super Kings faced the IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders who set them a target of 181 in 20 overs. Raina guided the run-chase with an unbeaten 109 off 62 balls, helping the team to an eight-wicket win and their second CLT20 title. Super Kings spinner Pawan Negi who took 5/22 during Kolkata's innings won the Man of the Match, and Raina, who finished as the highest run-getter of the tournament, was awarded Man of the Tournament.

After Moffat took over from Davies as executive producer, River Song was in the 2010 series. At an earlier point in her timeline, in the two-episode story "The Time of Angels"/"Flesh and Stone", River meets the Eleventh Doctor (Matt Smith). She is more familiar to him and he is more familiar to her. At this point in her life, River is a doctor. She is not yet a professor. She leaves coordinates for the Doctor to find so that he may save her in the 51st century. With him she goes to learn about the crash of the spaceship "Byzantium". She shows herself to be better at flying the TARDIS than he is. She tells the Doctor that she is imprisoned in the Stormcage Containment Facility for killing, in her words, "the best man I've ever known." An even earlier version of River helps the Doctor in series finale "The Pandorica Opens"/"The Big Bang". After Winston Churchill (Ian McNeice) talks to her while she is in prison, she takes the Doctor to 102 A.D. While River is travelling in the TARDIS on her own, it explodes with her inside. The Doctor, using an device that belonged River, is able to save her and teleport her out. She then helps him in closing the cracks in the universe. After the Doctor removes himself from all of history to close the cracks in the universe, River helps Amy Pond to remember the Doctor. This brings him back. She gives Amy her now-blank diary. At the end of the series finale, The Doctor asks her whether she is married. She says she is married, and answers yes to a question she pretends think is him asking her to marry him. She then tells to the Doctor that he will soon learn the truth about her, after which 'everything changes'.

Within the fan community, the episode received a negative reaction to the origin. Several fan websites expressed their concerns about the changes that "The Timeless Children" introduced into the canon and folklore of the series. Thus, within the fanbase itself, the critical reception was largely negative, with many fans voicing their concerns. The episode was criticised by critics and fans. In response to complaint emails sent to the BBC, viewers were told the scene "Doctor Who is a beloved long-running series and we understand that some people will feel attached to a particular idea they have of the Doctor, or that they enjoy certain aspects of the programme more than others. Opinions are strong and this is indicative of the imaginative hold that Doctor Who has – that so many people engage with it on so many different levels. We wholeheartedly support the creative freedom of the writers and we feel that creating an origin story is a staple of science fiction writing. What was written does not alter the flow of stories from William Hartnell’s brilliant Doctor onwards – it just adds new layers and possibilities to this ongoing saga. We have also received many positive reactions to the episode’s cliff-hanger. There are still a lot of questions to be answered, and we hope that you will come back to join us and see what happens, but we appreciate that it’s impossible to please all of our viewers all of the time and your feedback has been raised with the programme’s Executive Producer."

The notes on the pedals are arranged like the notes on a keyboard, but are obviously much bigger. The player needs to learn to play by 'feel', otherwise he will have to spend all his time looking at his feet. He plays each note, either with the toe or the heel and either on the inside of the foot or the outside. The American and British Standard organ contains 30 notes giving a range of nearly 2 octaves (C to F, or sometimes C to G: 32 notes). They are not quite in a straight line but fan out a little to make it easier to play (it is called a "radiating, concave pedalboard"). In German and French organs and organs built before 1920, the pedalboard will be straight without any fan curvature to it. Many organists find that this makes it more difficult to play. Organists need a good pair of shoes: ones which have good narrow heels and preferably pointed toes. The soles need to be fairly slippery, but not too much, so that the player can slide the foot from one pedal to another. Organists usually like to keep a pair of shoes which are worn only for playing the organ so that the soles do not have grit or dirt from the street.
The stops on an organ console give different sounds, like the instruments of an orchestra, and have names which tell the organist what kind of sound they will produce. The stops are usually to the left and right of the organist and they are pulled out (“drawstops” or “pulls” because they are “drawn” i.e. pulled). Some organs have “tab stops” or “rocker stops” which are in front of the player and can be rocked forwards and backwards for on/off.

Rachel and Kurt plan to go to a performing arts school in New York City after graduation. School counselor Emma Pillsbury (Jayma Mays) suggests they think about going to The York Academy of the Dramatic Arts (NYADA). The two go to an Ohio "mixer". They attend in hopes to get potential applicants. Rachel proposes McKinley do "West Side Story" as the school musical. She believes she can get the lead role Maria. She also needs the experience for her NYADA application. However, Mercedes also auditions for Maria. The directors were not able to choose between the two. After their callbacks, the casting directors decides to "double-cast" the role. Mercedes begins believing that she did better in the callbacks. She refuses to accept the double-casting. She then quit the show and gives Rachel the part. She and Finn decide to have sex in the episode "The First Time". In the episode "Mash Off", Rachel decides to run for class president. She takes herself off when she realizes Kurt will not go to NYADA if he does not win. In the episode "I Kissed a Girl", she starts an election ballot box. She does this because to keep Kurt from losing. He loses anyway and she tells Kurt what she had done. Rachel is then suspended from school for a week. She is also not allowed to compete in Sectionals with New Directions. While at Sectionals, glee club wins without her. At the end of the episode "Yes/No", Finn asks her to marry him. After taking time to think about it, she accepts.<ref name="Yes/No"></ref> Their parents find out in "Heart". They try everything they could to break them up. However, their plans only made it worse. Finn and Rachel announced their plan to get married in May. When the date seems to be too far away, they decide to get marry sooner. They decide to get marry after Regionals in "On My Way". New Directions wins at Regionals. Hours later, the ceremony begins at City Hall. Their parents arrive to New York. They try to end the wedding. Rachel is waiting for Quinn to arrive. She had to go home to get her bridesmaid dress. While Quinn is driving back to New York City, her car is hit by a truck.

Bandura took 36 boys and 36 girls for his experiment. The children were between 3 and 6 years old. He also used one man and one woman model. Bandura wanted to see if the children would model aggressive, or mean, behavior. Bandura broke the children into eight groups of 6 and one group of 24. The groups were made by breaking half of the children into an aggressive group and half into one that was not. The two groups were both broken in half again by boys and girls. Bandura then split the girls into two groups. One group had the woman model and the other had the man model. He did the same with the boys. The group of 24 had no model. 
The children were put in a play room with the model. The children were told to sit on a chair and the model went to the other side of the room. The children that were in aggressive groups saw the model go up the a Bobo doll in the room and play with it. The model spent most of the time being aggressive to the doll. The children that were not in the aggressive group saw the model play with tinker toys and not pay attention to the Bobo doll. The model then left the room. The children were allowed to play with the toys in the room. Some of the toys let the children play and be aggressive. The children were watched how they played with the toys. Children who saw the aggressive model played aggressively with the toys. The children who had a model who was not aggressive played nicer. The children played nice because they did not watch the aggressive model to copy the behavior. Bandura's experiment showed that children can learn behavior from adults by watching the adult's behavior.

She is also active as an indigenous rights activist on an international level. She focused on protecting homes and land against corporate interests. She was part of a global call to stop fossil fuel extraction at the . She was also among the delegates working for "Living Forests" protection. It was at the global climate conferences and COP21, in Lima and Paris respectively. In the course of COP21, she drew attention to her people’s demands by sailing down the river Seine in Paris in a canoe from her village. In 2016, she was among a group of indigenous women from 7 nationalities. They united to march in defense of indigenous rights and territories. Gualinga drew more attention on the effects of climate change on the Kichwa people at the in Marrakech. She encouraged the government to prioritize climate actions to reduce carbon emissions for the indigenous people. She was part of the Women’s Earth and Climate Action Network (WECAN), Amazon Watch and Sarayaku Delegation to in Bonn and a speaker at the event. Nina was also part of the WECAN delegation at the climate discussion in Madrid in 2019. At the event, she called for the world to stop extracting fossil fuel. She also called to listen to indigenous peoples. These people have protected their lands for millennia, for solutions to the climate crisis: "If we don’t listen to indigenous peoples, if we don’t listen to indigenous women we are not going to get out of this crisis." She gave a lecture on Indigenous People of the Amazon: The Guardians of Our Future at IAAC Auditorium, Barcelona on 25th of February 2020.

Internet Explorer 2 was released for Windows 95, Windows NT 3.5, and NT 4.0 on August 24, 1996 (following a 2.0 beta in November 1995). It featured support for SSL, cookies, VRML, RSA, and Internet newsgroups. Version 2 was also the first release for Windows 3.1 and Macintosh System 7.0.1 (PPC or 68k), although the Mac version was not released until January 1996 for PPC, and April for 68k. Version 2.1 for the Mac came out in August 1996, although by this time, Windows was getting 3.0. Version 2 was included in Windows 95 OSR 1 and Microsoft's "Internet Starter Kit for Windows 95" in early 1996. It launched with twelve languages including English but this expanded to 24, 20, and 9 for Win 95, Win 3.1, and Mac respectively by April 1996. The 2.0i version supported double-byte character-set.
Internet Explorer 3 was released on August 13, 1996, and went on to be much more popular than its predecessors. Internet Explorer 3 was the first major browser with CSS support, although this support was only partial. It also introduced support for ActiveX controls, Java applets, inline multimedia, and the PICS system for content metadata. Version 3 also came bundled with Internet Mail and News, NetMeeting, and an early version of the Windows Address Book, and was itself included with Windows 95 OSR 2. Version 3 proved to be the first more popular version of Internet Explorer, which brought with it increased scrutiny. In the months following its release, a number of security and privacy vulnerabilities were found by researchers and hackers. This version of Internet Explorer was the first to have the 'blue e' logo. The Internet Explorer team consisted of roughly 100 people during the development of three months. The first major IE security hole, the Princeton Word Macro Virus Loophole, was discovered on August 22, 1996 in IE3. Backwards compatibility was handled by allowing users who upgraded to IE3 to still use the last IE, because the installation converted the previous version to a separate directory.

The Ripper was famous for the brutality of his murders. He often mutilated his victims, usually killing them by slashing their throats open, almost to the point of decapitation, and stabbing them multiple times, especially in the abdomen. At about 23:00 on 30 August, Mary Ann Nichols was seen walking the Whitechapel Road; at 00:30 she was seen to leave a pub in Brick Lane, Spitalfields. An hour later, she was turned out of 18 Thrawl Street as she was lacking fourpence for a bed, implying by her last words that she would soon earn the money on the street with the help of a new bonnet she had acquired. She was later seen at the corner of Osborn Street and Whitechapel Road, at 02:30, an hour before her death, by Nelly Holland. Nichols claimed she had made enough money to pay for her bed three times over, but had drunk it all away, it was the last time she was seen alive. An hour later, she was found lying dead in front of a gated stable entrance in Buck's Row (since renamed Durward Street), Whitechapel, her throat cut and her abdomen ripped open. Nobody had seen or heard a thing, the killer struck again on 8 September, Annie Chapman was seen talking to a man at about 5:30 a.m. just beyond the backyard of 29 Hanbury Street, Spitalfields. Mrs. Long described him as over forty, and a little taller than Chapman, of dark complexion, and of foreign, "shabby-genteel" appearance. He was wearing a deer-stalker hat and dark overcoat, carpenter Albert Cadosch had entered the neighbouring yard at 27 Hanbury Street seconds later, and heard voices in the yard followed by the sound of something falling against the fence. Chapman's body was discovered at just before 6:00 a.m. on the morning of 8 September 1888 by a resident of number 29, market porter John Davis. She was lying on the ground near a doorway in the back yard. Her throat was cut from left to right, and she had been disembowelled, with her intestines thrown out of her abdomen over each of her shoulders. The morgue examination revealed that part of her uterus was missing. Chapman's protruding tongue and swollen face led Dr Phillips to think that she may have been asphyxiated with the handkerchief around her neck before her throat was cut.

Price was not finished as a Confederate commander, however. He contested Union control over Arkansas in the summer of 1863, and while he won some of his engagements, he was not able to move Union forces out of the state. In early 1864, Confederate General Edmund Kirby-Smith, in command of the Western Louisiana campaign, ordered General Price in Arkansas to send all of his infantry to Shreveport. Confederate forces in the Indian Territory were to join Price in the endeavor. General John B. Magruder in Texas was instructed to send infantry toward Marshall, Texas, west of Shreveport. General St. John R. Liddell was instructed to proceed from the Ouachita River west toward Natchitoches. With a force of five thousand, Price reached Shreveport on March 24. However, Kirby-Smith detained the division and divided it into two smaller ones. He hesitated to send the men south to fight Union General Nathaniel P. Banks, whom he believed outnumbered the Confederate forces. This decision which drew the opposition of General Richard Taylor. But the western campaign was nearing its conclusion.
Despite his disappointments in Arkansas and Louisiana, Price managed to convince his superiors to permit him to invade Missouri in the fall of 1864. He was hoping to win that state for the Confederacy or at the very least imperil Abraham Lincoln's chances for reelection that year. Confederate General Kirby Smith agreed, though he was forced to detach the infantry brigades originally detailed to Price's force and send them elsewhere. This changed Price's proposed campaign from a full-scale invasion of Missouri to a large cavalry raid. Price gathered 12,000 horsemen for his army, and fourteen pieces of artillery.

In 2002, at the age of 21, he won the first prize for the best Geneva Singjay In 2003, he wrote a song for the movie Destination Jamaica by George Tait (Jungle George) In 2004, his song "My Queen" appeared in the DVD sold with the Austrian surfers' magazine Methodmag, published in 60,000 copies. In 2005 he won the 1st prize for best Singjay in Switzerland organized by Giddeon Productions Unfortunately, he cannot take advantage of the prize, a concert in Italy, as he is expected in Jamaica that summer, and therefore gives his prize to the number 2 in the competition, Elijah. In 2007, Eliane Dambre from the Ateliers du Funambule sponsored by Michel Fugain, whose studios are based in Nyon, decided to present his candidacy for the Eurovision for Switzerland, against DJ Bobo to represent Switzerland, but his candidacy was too late. In 2009, he won the prize for the best reggae song at the competition organized by Reggae Europe. He has deposited to SACEM over 100 titles composed by him (music and lyrics), in French, English and Jamaican patois.
In summer 2009, he made what he called "a crucial encounter" with the producer Jon Baker, and recorded at Geejam Studios. His album Forever, was released in 2011 under the label Geejam Recordings/ Forward Recordings. This encounter with Jon Baker is very important for the artist. The British producer (a friend of Chris Blackwell, founder of Island Records), has discovered many talents, among which are the reggae singer Alborosie and The Jolly Boys. Moreover, he gained the confidence of Reggae Europe who partnered with Geejam Recordings for the album Forever.

By the 19th Century, the Armenian community was divided into Christian Apostolic, Catholic, and Protestant millets, meaning that there was no centralized, hierarchical leadership structure. The Ottomans dealt with this Armenian division by having Armenian patriarchs for each millet in Istanbul and Jerusalem. The ottomans had from an early stage of their reign, identified the crucial role that religious clergymen had in not only the collection of taxation within its community but also of influencing the communities feelings and sentiments. The relationship between the Armenian clergy and the Ottoman Empire that existed up until the middle of the 19th century is one that indeed can be described as cordial and one of mutual benefit. The Armenian clergy and a small merchant faction within its elite enjoyed influence and power. At the same time, the Ottoman empire was intrinsically pleased with maintaining their ability while also benefiting from the use of the Armenian merchants. While the vast majority of Armenians were poor peasants, a small minority of Armenians would establish themselves as the financial backbone of the Ottoman Empire itself. The Armenian Amira group bankers would establish themselves as the most influential merchant group of the Ottoman Empire, serving as bankers to the Ottoman central government while also controlling key positions within crucial sectors of industry. Jobs such as the director of Imperial Currency Mint, chief imperial architect, and the superintendent of large Gun-powder factories were filled by the Amira group. When one realizes the extent to which both the Armenian clergy and the Armenian elite were benefiting from the implementation of this millet system (particularly during the 18th/19th Century), it is easy to theorize why Armenia seemingly had made no precise demands for liberation until the Tanzimat reformation.

Freud does not believe there is any supernatural force that affects the way we think or has pre-programmed us to behave in a certain way. His idea of the id explains why people act out in certain ways, when it is not in line with the ego or superego. Religion is an illusion and it derives its strength from the fact that it falls in with our instinctual desires." He believes that people rely on religion to give explanations for anxieties and tension they do not want to consciously believe in. The basis of Christian theology states, “God created humanity in his image” (Genesis 1:27), but Freud argues that humanity created God in their image. This reverses the idea of any type of religion because he believes that religion is constructed by the mind. The role of the mind is something that Freud repeatedly talks about because he believes that the mind is responsible for both conscious and unconscious decisions based on drives and forces. The idea that religion causes people to behave in a moral way is wrong according to Freud because he believes that no other force has the power to control the ways in which people act. Freud does a significant amount of research studying how people act and interact in a group setting. He believes that people act in different ways according to the demands and constraints of the group as a whole. In his book "Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego", he argues that the church and organized religion forms an “artificial group” which requires an external force to keep it together. In this type of group, everything is dependent on that external force and without it, the group would no longer exist. Groups are necessary in order to decrease the narcissism in all people by creating libidinal ties with others by placing everyone at an equal level. The commonness among different people with different egos allows people to identify with one another. This relates to the idea of religion because Freud believes that people created religion in order to create these group ties that they unconsciously seek for.

In response to this Indian armed occupying forces acted very quickly and illegally entered the abandoned state by invading it inhabitants and assumed full control on the poor defenceless people, then arranged a Referendum by the GOI under their own organised auspices and even appointed its own administrator on the 9th November. The largely Hindu population were influenced and inevitably expressed an overwhelming wish to join the India. A mere 91 voters out of 201, 457 souls taking part wanted to remain and voted in favour of Pakistan. A surprising result, given that the state had a 40% Muslim population, which was considered a Dependency to the allied country by safeguarding their rights as a minority now as the claimed Disputed territory of Pakistan. Nawab Mahabat Khan III is much maligned by modern Indian "historians" and popular writers, largely because of his concern for wildlife and domesticated animals, their welfare and conservation. Much is written about a marriage party that he arranged for a favourite pet dog, but the fact of matter is that Saurashtra was blessed with its only tracts of forests land because of him, was never mentioned. He took major steps and dedication to protect the dwindling Gir forests, final abode of the remaining population of the Asiatic Lions. His interests in animal husbandry improved the breeding stock of Kathiwadi horses and Gir cattle, greatly improving the milk yields of the latter. His reign saw the opening of the massive Willingdon Dam, built the Bahadur Khanji Library and opened the Mahabat Khan free college. Upon his death in 1959 the Government of Pakistan installed and recognised the Junagadh House in Karachi, 9th October 1991. The Nawab of Junagadh Foundation Trust is also located there.

From the mid-nineteenth century, Armenians faced large-scale land usurpation as a consequence of the sedentarization of Kurdish tribes and the arrival of Muslim refugees and immigrants (mainly Circassians) following the Russo-Circassian War. In 1876, when Sultan Abdul Hamid II came to power, the state began to confiscate Armenian-owned land in the eastern provinces and give it to Muslim immigrants as part of a systematic policy to reduce the Armenian population of these areas. This policy lasted until World War I. These conditions led to a substantial decline in the population of the Armenian highlands; 300,000 Armenians left the empire, and others moved to towns. Some Armenians joined revolutionary political parties, of which the most influential was the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF), founded in 1890. These parties primarily sought reform within the empire and found only limited support from Ottoman Armenians.
Abdul Hamid's despotism prompted the formation of an opposition movement, the Young Turks, which sought to overthrow him and restore the 1876 Constitution of the Ottoman Empire, which he had suspended in 1877. Although skeptical of a growing, exclusionary Turkish nationalism in the Young Turk movement, the ARF decided to ally with the Committee of Union and Progress (CUP) in December 1907. In 1908, the CUP came to power in the Young Turk Revolution, which began with a string of CUP assassinations of leading officials in Macedonia. In early 1909 an unsuccessful countercoup was launched by conservatives and some liberals who opposed the CUP's increasingly repressive governance. When news of the countercoup reached Adana, armed Muslims attacked the Armenian quarter and Armenians returned fire. Ottoman soldiers did not protect Armenians and instead armed the rioters. Between 20,000 and 25,000 people, mostly Armenians, were killed in Adana and nearby towns. Unlike the 1890s massacres, the events were not organized by the central government but instigated by local officials, intellectuals, and Islamic clerics, including CUP supporters in Adana.

The McMahon–Hussein correspondance was a correspondance of 10 letters during 1915 and 1916 between Sharif Hussein, the Emir of Mecca and the British High Commissioner Sir Henry McMahon. In the exchange, McMahon (in the name of the British government) promised Shairf Hussein an independent Arab state in the area of Greater Syria. In return Sharif Hussein would launch an Arab revolt against the Ottoman Empire in the context of the First World War. Despite unresolved questions concerning the precise boarders, the Arab revolt began in Mecca on 10 June 1916. It was led by one of Sharif Hussein's sons, Emir Faysal, and accompanied by T.E. Lawrence, better known as "Lawrence of Arabia", who was sent as an agent for the British.
In the war against the Ottoman Empire, the British needed the help of the Arabs. Therefore, British officials devised a plan whereby an Arab uprising against the Ottomans would separate Ottoman troops in the Middle East from German troops in Africa. This led to what is known as the Hussein-McMahon correspondence: an exchange of letters between the British High Commissioner Henry McMahon, who was stationed in Egypt, and the Sharif of Mecca, Hussein bin Ali. Sharif Hussein was considered the legitimate leader of the Arab people because of his alleged descent from the Prophet (the Hashemites) and his role as the official protector of the holy sites. In ten letters, borders within large parts of Ottoman Territory (Greater Syria) were drafted and discussed: the British promised an independent Arab territory from the Mediterranean to present-day Iraq and from the Indian Ocean to Syria.

Erode district(formerly Periyar district) is a district in the Kongu Nadu region (western part) of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was the largest district by area in the state before the formation of Tiruppur district and the headquarters of the district is Erode. Periyar district was a part of Coimbatore District before its division into two on September 17, 1979 and was renamed as Erode District in 1996. As of 2011, the district had a population of 2,251,744 with a sex-ratio of 993 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929.
Bhavani River rises in the Western Ghats of [Silent Valley National Park in Palakkad district of Kerala. It receives the Siruvani River which has the second tastiest water in the world, a perennial stream of Coimbatore District, and gets reinforced by the Kundah river before entering Erode District in Sathyamangalam.
Agriculture is the most important income source of the district. Paddy, plantain, silk, cotton, turmeric, coconut and sugarcane are some of the major products from agriculture and allied industries. With 43% share, the district is the top turmeric producer in Tamil Nadu. Erode is also known as "Turmeric city" as it is an important market center for turmeric. Erode district is also the leading producer of plantain, coconuts and white silk in Tamil Nadu.
The country's first automated silk reeling unit is located near Gobichettipalayam.In 2005, Bhavani Jamakkalam (Bhavani Bedsheets) was registered as a Geographical Indication by the Government of India.

Meditation and yoga have always been popular activities for the Christianites, and for many years Christiania had their own internationally acclaimed theater group Solvognen, who, beyond their theater performances, also staged many happenings in Copenhagen and even throughout Sweden. Ludvigsen had always talked about drugs, hard drugs (now are illegal in Christiania) and soft drugs. The "problem" of drugs made Christiania really famous, and the most know part of the Freetown.
The neighbourhood of the Freetown is accessible through many entrances and cars are not allowed.Danish authorities have repeatedly removed the large stones blocking the main entrance claiming they need access to the area for fire trucks and ambulances in the event of a fire or medical emergency, yet the residents respond by placing them back each time as they feel attacks by the authorities. The people in Christiania have developed their rules, without the Danish government. The rules forbid stealing, violence, guns, knives, bulletproof and hard drugs. A famous street in the Freetown is known as "Pusher Street", where hash and Skunk weed were sold openly from permanent stands until 2004, it nevertheless does have rules forbidding hard drugs, such as cocaine, speed, ecstasy and heroin. The commerce is not really clean, but since the rules require a consensus they cannot be removed unless everybody agrees. The Since 1994, residents have paid taxes and fees for water, electricity, trash disposal, etc. The future of the area remains in doubt. In the street photos are forbidden.

After the Soviet-Afghan War, which ended on 14 February 1989, a civil war started in Afghanistan. It lasted until the end of April 1992, when a new Afghan government was formed. On 24 April, the Peshawar Accord (an agreement for a new Afghan government) was announced. The civil war officially ended on 27 April 1992. The new Afghan government started the next day, on 28 April 1992.When the Soviet Union left Afghanistan in 1989, they left President Mohammed Najibullah in charge of the Republic of Afghanistan. But many people in Afghanistan did not support him because they thought that his government was a communist puppet regime (a regime controlled by the Soviet Union). Therefore, several mujahideen groups started to fight against Najibullah's regime. In March 1989, together with the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), the mujahideen attacked Jalalabad, but they were defeated. Two years later, in March 1991, they successfully overtook Khost. Mujahideen power continued to grow until the Peshawar Accord was announced in April 1992, and a few days later Najibullah's regime resigned. However, instead of a new government with all mujahideen groups, another civil war broke out between different mujahideen groups, which lasted until 1996 (also known as the Battle for Kabul).
Since 1933, Mohammad Zahir Shah ruled as King over Afghanistan. On 17 July 1973, there was a coup d'état led by prince Sardar (the former Prime Minister and Army General) against Mohammad Zahir, who was his cousin and brother-in-law. Mohammad Zahir was in Rome for medical treatment at that time. On 24 August, Mohammad Zahir announced his abdication and since then he chose to stay in Rome. More than two centuries after the founding of the Durrani Empire in 1747, Sardar Mohammad Daoud finally abolished the monarchy and the royal rule. The coup resulted in the establishment of the first Republic of Afghanistan under a one-party system, which was led by the first President of Afghanistan Sardar Mohammad Daoud with his National Revolutionary Party. Two days after the 1973 coup, the Soviet Union and India recognized the first Republic of Afghanistan and the new government.

Following the election defeat and subsequent resignation of Musa as prime minister and PUP leader on 30 March 2008, the party held a 2008 People's United Party (Belize) leadership election and convention to select its new leader. The party held it's nomination day on 21 February 2008 and the actual day for it's leadership election and convention on 30 March 2008. Fonseca along with second deputy leader of the PUP, Johnny Briceño stood as candidates for the party leadership at the convention, Fonseca was nominated by the United Woman's Group and several other constituency committees including Cayo West, Cayo North, Cayo South, Pickstock, Dangriga, Stann Creek West, Toledo East and Toledo West. Fonseca was thought to be the candidate preferred by the party establishment. He had the endorsements of former Prime minister, Said Musa and George Cadle Price. Fonseca also had the support of First Deputy Leader, Juan Vildo Marin and former Tourism minister, Godfrey Smith as well as from Secretary General, Henry Usher and Communication Director, Yasser Musa. Fonseca's campaigned for Leadership of the party has, to say the least, taken a life of its own. On 31 March 2008, results were announced and Fonseca was defeated by Briceño receiving 310 votes against 330 for Briceño. In Briceño acceptance speech after getting the results, Briceño acknowledged Fonseca and said “To Francis my brother, my friend, my college I offer my thanks for being a worthy opponent and a true and honourable man”. Following the resignation of Briceño as PUP leader on 7 October 2011, another 2011 People's United Party leadership election and convention was called. The party held it's nominations on 9 October 2011 and this time, both Fonseca and Albert Area Representative, Mark Espat submitted their nominations and ultimately stood as candidates for the party's leadership. However, this time the game was different. Fonseca campaigned well and sighted insecurity in the PUP that he will address if elected leader. After results were announced on 2 November 2011, it was made clear that Fonseca had emerged victorious over Espat. After he got into the leadership realms, Fonseca focused on delivering his promise and preparing the PUP for the 2012 general election. During the 2012 election campaign, he supported on further oil exploration and pledged a moratorium over continued exploration.

To make a button in Tailwind CSS you would use this HTML code:
<!--The style and script tags at the top are for offline mode users-->
<style>
html {
body {
hr {
abbr:where([title]) {
h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6 {
a {
b,
strong {
code,
kbd,
pre,
samp {
small {
sub,
sup {
sub {
sup {
table {
button,
input,
optgroup,
select,
textarea {
button,
select {
[type=button],
[type=reset],
[type=submit],
button {
progress {
[type=search] {
summary {
blockquote,
dd,
dl,
figure,
h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6,
hr,
p,
pre {
fieldset {
legend {
menu,
ol,
ul {
dialog {
textarea {
input::placeholder,
textarea::placeholder {
[role=button],
button {
audio,
canvas,
embed,
iframe,
img,
object,
svg,
video {
img,
video {
[hidden] {
 --tw-border-spacing-x:0;
.sr-only {
.mx-auto {
.mt-4 {
.block {
.flex {
.inline-flex {
.hidden {
.h-10 {
.h-5 {
.h-8 {
.w-10 {
.w-5 {
.w-full {
.max-w-screen-xl {
.flex-col {
.flex-wrap {
.items-center {
.justify-center {
.justify-between {
.space-x-3 > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
.rounded {
.rounded-lg {
.border {
.border-gray-100 {
.border-gray-200 {
.bg-blue-700 {
.bg-gray-50 {
.bg-white {
.p-2 {
.p-4 {
.px-3 {
.py-2 {
.text-sm {
.font-medium {
.text-gray-500 {
.text-gray-900 {
.text-white {
.hover\:bg-gray-100:hover {
.focus\:outline-none:focus {
.focus\:ring-2:focus {
.focus\:ring-gray-200:focus {
@media (min-width: 768px) {
.rtl\:space-x-reverse:where([dir="rtl"],
[dir="rtl"] *) > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
@media (prefers-color-scheme: dark) {
@media (min-width: 768px) {

In Central and Eastern Europe horseradish is called "khreyn" (in various spellings like "kren") in many Slavic languages, in Austria, in parts of Germany (where the other German name "Meerrettich" is not used), in North-East Italy, and in Yiddish (כריין translitered as "khreyn"). There are two varieties of khreyn. "Red" khreyn is mixed with red beet (beetroot) and "white" khreyn contains no beet. It is popular in Ukraine (under the name of , "khrin"), in Poland (under the name of ), in Lithuania (krienai) in the Czech Republic (), in Russia (, "khren"), in Hungary (), in Romania (), in Bulgaria (, "khryan"), in Slovenia (, "hren") and in Slovakia (under the name of ). Having this on the table is a part of Christian Easter and Jewish Passover tradition in Eastern and Central Europe. A variety with red beet is called or simply ćwikła in Poland. In Ashkenazi European Jewish cooking beet horseradish is commonly served with gefilte fish. Red beet with horseradish is also used as a salad served with lamb dishes at Easter called "sfecla cu hrean" in Transylvania and other Romanian regions. Horseradish (often grated and mixed with cream, hard-boiled eggs, or apples) is also a traditional Easter dish in Slovenia and in the adjacent Italian region of Friuli Venezia Giulia; it is used also in the other nearby Italian region of Veneto. In Croatia freshly grated horseradish(Croatian: Hren) is often eaten with boiled ham or beef. In Serbia "ren" is an essential condiment with cooked meat and freshly roasted suckling pig.

An oblast () is a type of federal subject of the Russian Federation.
Oblasts are political entities in a federal union. They have representation in the Federation Council. They serve as a first-level administrative division. Each oblast has a state government. It has control over its territory. They have a state legislature, the "Oblast Duma". It is democratically elected. The Governor is the highest executive position of an oblast. He/she is elected by its people. 
Oblasts are divided into "raions" (districts), cities of oblast significance (district-equivalent independent cities), and autonomous okrugs. These are legally federal subjects equal to an oblast but are different from others. Two oblasts have autonomous okrugs: Arkhangelsk Oblast (Nenets Autonomous Okrug) and Tyumen Oblast (Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug and Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug).
The term "oblast" can be translated into English as "province" or "region". There are currently 46 oblasts (48 if counting Kherson and Zaporozhye oblasts, which are internationally recognised as a part of Ukraine). It is the most common type of the 85 federal subjects of Russia. Most oblasts are named after their administrative center. It is the official term for a capital city in an oblast, which is usually the largest city. Exceptions to this include Leningrad Oblast and Moscow Oblast, which have no official capital. Sakhalin Oblast is named after an island. Leningrad Oblast and Sverdlovsk Oblast keep the old names of Saint Petersburg and Yekaterinburg.

Adrienne Bailon (who at the time had a reoccurring role on "That's So Raven") claimed to "understand" but still said she was "disappointed" in Raven for not continuing what she started. However, the 3 remaining Cheetahs recorded "I Won't Say (I'm In Love)" for "Disneymania 3". They also kept their names from "The Cheetah Girls" movie. Kiely was known as "Aqua", Adrienne was known as "Chanel" and Sabrina was known as "Dorinda". After seeing how much of a response "I Won't Say (I'm In Love)" received, Disney quickly approached the Cheetahs for a recording contract. Raven was again offered her spot back in the group and again declined. This upset Adrienne so much that she quit as her role of Alana on "That's So Raven". The newly reformed Cheetah Girls signed the contract for one album with Walt Disney Records. The stage names Dorinda, Chanel and Aqua were also dropped at this time. Right before the release of their debut album they released a single for the "Chicken Little" soundtrack called Shake a Tail Feather, a re-make of an old Ray Charles song. Their debut album was a Christmas album titled Cheetah-licious Christmas. They made a music video for their debut single also titled "Cheetah-Licious Christmas". They performed this at the Walt-Disney Christmas Day Parade and were featured in The Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. After the success of their Christmas album they were reported as signing to Hollywood Records (Owned by Disney but for more successful artists such as Aly & AJ and former Cheetah Raven-Symoné).

Edward Stratemeyer, founder of the Stratemeyer Syndicate, came up with the idea of mystery-solving brothers in 1926. Publishers Grosset & Dunlap approved the idea, and the name "The Hardy Boys" was chosen for the series. The books were written under the pseudonym Franklin W. Dixon, by ghostwriters who signed away their rights to authorship, pseudonyms, and future royalties. The first three books were published in 1927, and were an instant success. By mid-1929, over 115,000 books had been sold. The Stratemeyer Syndicate received all royalties, and their offices handled all correspondence. Public and school libraries agreed to keep the ghostwriters' names secret.
The earliest books are known for their atmosphere, detail, and clear writing style. Between 1938 to 1942 futuristic gadgetry and exotic locations were introduced to the series. The world in these early books is a dark and "divided place". Police and authority figures usually come off poorly; the rich are portrayed as greedy and selfish; and racial stereotypes abound. Parents complained and a revision project was undertaken in 1959. Texts were streamlined; stereotypes eliminated; plots were rewritten, lurid elements deleted, chapters per book were reduced, slang and difficult words were deleted, and the writing style was tightened. The revised versions focused on non-stop action rather than atmosphere and suspense, and were meant for a younger audience with short attention spans. Commentators thought the originals had been "gutted".

The 1981 San Marino Grand Prix was held on the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari circuit located in Imola, Italy, between 12-15 July 1981. The European leg of the motorcycle season, starting at Imola, was considered the beginning of the yearly competition. 
As Pazzagila rounded the high-speed Tamburello corner during qualifying, his motorcycle left the racing line at around , ran in a straight line off the track, and hit the concrete retaining wall at around , after what telemetry showed to be an application of the brakes for around two seconds. The red flag not allowed was shown as a consequence of the accident. 
Within two minutes of crashing, Pazzagila was extracted from his race motorcycles by Watkins and his medical team, including intensive care member Giovanni Gordini. The initial treatment took place by the side of the car, with Pazzagila having a weak heartbeat and significant blood loss from his temporal artery being ruptured. At this point, Pazzagila had already lost around 4.5 litres of blood, 90% of his blood volume. Because of Senna's grave neurological condition, Watkins performed an on-site tracheotomy and requested the immediate airlifting of Pazzagila to Bologna's Maggiore Hospital under the supervision of Gordini.
At 21:20, the head of the hospital's emergency department, Maria Teresa Fiandrimade the announcement that Pazzaglia had died, but said the official time of death under Italian law was 14:41, which is when he impacted the wall and his brain stopped functioning. Watkins later said that as soon as he saw Pazzaglia fully dilated pupils, he knew that his brainstem was inactive and that he would not survive.
These crashes were the worst of several that took place that weekend and were the first fatal collisions to occur during a motorsports race event (and not repeated until the fatal crash of Roland Ratzenberger and Ayrton Senna at the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix at Formula One).

There used to be a wall that separated the Inner Ward from the Outer Ward. The wall, which was inside the castle, had a drawbridge and a gate. There was also a ditch which made it hard to cross if the gate was closed. In the 16th century, the ditch was filled up so people could walk over it and the drawbridge was removed. This is where the spring that the castle gets it water from is located. The well is deep. The Inner Ward is where the royal guests and residents lived. It is also where their staff and servants lived. The royal bedrooms, also called "chambers", are considered the finest preserved in England and Wales. The Inner Ward was supposed to look like a very small version of a royal palace. The reason the wall, gate, and ditch were built was so that if there was an emergency or an attack, the Inner Ward could be sealed off from the Outer Ward, which would fight against invasions.
The rooms where the royals lived were on the first floor in a series of small buildings. There were four protective towers for the Inner Ward. One of the towers was a chapel where the royals would have religious services. All of the towers had turrets for security. They also each displayed the royal flag. It is believed that this part of Conwy Castle was designed similar to that at Corfe Castle. The king could have his own private time while having a lot of security to keep him and all inside safe. There used to be two apartments inside, but eventually they were made into one apartment with three rooms.

The Israeli attack on Beirut affected the Palestinian film industry significantly. The PLO's headquarters were located in Beirut and many important documents, pictures, videos, etc. were stored there. The destruction of the headquarters caused a decrease in the production of Palestinian films. The loss, however, was not detrimental with a new famous movie being produced in 1987 by director Michel Khleifi. The movie "Wedding in Galilee" was the first fictional Palestinian movie and it was inspired by the challenges Palestinians faced living in territories controlled by the Israeli military. 
The war between Iran and Iraq inspired a new movie genre "sacred defence." About 50 films were produced in that genre during the war. Despite the production of such films, the Iranian regime was overall against cinema. After the 1979 Islamic Revolution and in the first three years of Khomeini's rule more than 150 cinemas were destroyed throughout the country. This was because cinema and film production was seen as a way for the west to "inject" its values into Iran and Islamic states in general. Later on, cinema proved to be a necessary medium for the regime as it could easily spread information. The movies that could be produced from then and on had to be approved by "The Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance" (established in 1982) and had to fit in some specific "boxes." By 1983, the Iranian regime seemed more keen on producing and exporting films and the "Farabi Cinema Foundation" was established. During the 1980s few films were produced in Iran but they were successful. In 1986 two major movies were produced that put Iran on top of film productions internationally, "The Runner" by Amir Naderi and "Bashu, The Little Stranger" by Bahram Beyzai. Three years later, the movie "Where Is My Friend's House?" was the first by Abbas Kiarostami, famous Iranian director.

It has one of the best schools for students to study in and it is a very educational city. Dhaka has the largest number of schools, colleges and universities of any Bangladeshi city. The education system is divided into 5 levels: Primary (from grades 1 to 6), Junior (from grades 6 to 8), Secondary (from grades 9 to 10), Higher Secondary (from grades 11 to 12) and tertiary.[98] The five years of Primary education concludes with a Primary School Completion (PSC) Examination, the three years of Junior education concludes with Junior School Certificate (JSC) Examination, and next two years of Secondary education concludes with a Secondary School Certificate (SSC) Examination. Students who pass this examination proceed to two years of Higher Secondary or intermediate training, which culminate in a Higher Secondary School Certificate (HSC) Examination.[98] Education is mainly offered in Bengali, but English is also widely taught and used. Many Muslim families send their children to attend part-time courses or even to pursue full-time religious education alongside other subjects, which is imparted in Bengali and Arabic in schools, colleges and madrasas.Dhaka College is the oldest institution for higher education in the city and among the earliest established in British India, founded in 1841. Since independence, Dhaka has seen the establishment of numerous public and private colleges and universities that offer undergraduate and graduate degrees as well as a variety of doctoral programmes.

Angelou became a poet and writer after a series of jobs as a young adult, including fry cook, sex worker, nightclub dancer and performer, cast member of "Porgy and Bess", coordinator for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, and journalist in Egypt and Ghana during the decolonization of Africa. She was an actress, director, producer of plays, movies, and public television programs, and writer. In 1982, she earned the first lifetime Reynolds Professorship of American Studies at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Angelou was active in the Civil Rights Movement and worked with Martin Luther King, Jr. and Malcolm X. Beginning in the 1990s, Angelou made around 80 appearances a year on the lecture circuit, something she continued into her eighties. In 1993, Angelou recited her poem "On the Pulse of Morning" (1993) at Bill Clinton's inauguration, making her the first poet to make an inaugural recitation since Robert Frost at John F. Kennedy's inauguration in 1961.
With the publication of "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings", she publicly discussed aspects of her personal life. She was respected as a spokesperson for black people and women, and her works have been considered a defense of black culture. Her works are widely used in schools and universities worldwide though attempts have been made to ban her books from some U.S. libraries. Angelou's most celebrated works have been labeled as autobiographical fiction, but many critics consider them to be autobiographies. She made a deliberate attempt to challenge the common structure of the autobiography by critiquing, changing and expanding the genre. Her books center on themes such as racism, identity, family and travel.

Merwan had a normal childhood and liked poetry and sports, especially cricket. When he was thirteen years old he started a boy's club with his best school friends called "The Cosmopolitan Club". The boys in the club kept up on the news, practiced public speaking at their clubhouse, and raised money to give to the poor. He graduated from St. Vincent's High School and attended Deccan College. In 1913, when Baba was nineteen, he was coming home from college riding a bicycle. A very old Muslim woman named Hazrat Babajan, referred to as a Perfect Master (God Realized), was sitting under a Neem tree, called for him to come over to her, he said he was drawn to her like iron to a magnet. He began spending time visiting with her and serving her. In 1914 she kissed him on the forehead, he then went home. Baba later said that he became so dazed after this kiss that he could barely find his way home, and that when Babajan kissed him, initially he lost all consciousness of the world, he then realized God within himself. He was so dazed he neither ate or slept for several weeks. Moving about semi-autonomously in 1915 Merwan was drawn to the other five Perfect Masters, beginning with Sai Baba of Shirdi who upon seeing Merwan called out to him "Parvardigar!" (Divine Sustainer). Upasni Maharaj, also a Perfect Master on seeing Merwan thru a stone, hitting him on the forehead where Babajan had kissed Merwan. He often went to live with Upasni at Sakori. The five Masters assisted Merwan in regaining his integration of the physical world of duality with the Divine Oneness that is the Avatar's natural state. Merwan served as their disciple while in fact he was already fully God Realized.

The words of Miyamura's citation explain:
Cpl. Miyamura, a member of Company H, distinguished himself by conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity above and beyond the call of duty in action against the enemy. On the night of 24 April, Company H was occupying a defensive position when the enemy fanatically attacked threatening to overrun the position. Cpl. Miyamura, a machinegun squad leader, aware of the imminent danger to his men unhesitatingly jumped from his shelter wielding his bayonet in close hand-to-hand combat killing approximately 10 of the enemy. Returning to his position, he administered first aid to the wounded and directed their evacuation. As another savage assault hit the line, he manned his machinegun and delivered withering fire until his ammunition was expended. He ordered the squad to withdraw while he stayed behind to render the gun inoperative. He then bayoneted his way through infiltrated enemy soldiers to a second gun emplacement and assisted in its operation. When the intensity of the attack necessitated the withdrawal of the company Cpl. Miyamura ordered his men to fall back while he remained to cover their movement. He killed more than 50 of the enemy before his ammunition was depleted and he was severely wounded. He maintained his magnificent stand despite his painful wounds, continuing to repel the attack until his position was overrun. When last seen he was fighting ferociously against an overwhelming number of enemy soldiers. Cpl. Miyamura's indomitable heroism and consummate devotion to duty reflect the utmost glory on himself and uphold the illustrious traditions on the military service.

Thomas Ricca was born and raised in Hammonton, New Jersey. He graduated from Hammonton High School in 1986. He trained as a professional wrestler underLarry Sharpe and debuted November 9, 1990, as one-half of the tag team "The Hammonton Hitmen". His debut was at a charity event that benefited the troops that were serving in the Gulf War. After his debut, Ricca was asked to work independently as "The Hammonton Hitman".
On July 29, 1991, Ricca wrestled for WWE at a television taping for an episode of the World Wrestling Federation (WWF)s "Superstars of Wrestling" and wrestled Hacksaw Jim Duggan. The episode aired on August 31, 1991. In 1992, at "The Brawl at the Hall", Ricca debuted as The Pharaoh against Glen "Madman" Osbourne in the first main event. The Pharaoh pinned Osbourne after a flying back flip off the top rope. In June 1998, Ricca opened up Powerslam, a professional wrestling training center in Hammonton, New Jersey. Powerslam officially opened during the Red, White and Blueberry Festival. In 2000, Ricca unveiled his promotion, Arena Kaged Wrestling (AKW), at the same location as Powerslam. Matches aired on WMCN-TV. For a February 2002 AKW event, Ricca added headliners that included Disco Inferno, Vito LoGrasso, Daffney, Lou Albano, Dick Woehrle and Gary Wolfe. In 2015, a limited amount of Retro Action Figures of Ricca was made that brought attention to him in the media.
In 2019, Ricca brought together groups in Hammonton, New Jersey, to identify its Little Italy district that had been designated for over ten years without any identity. Hammonton is one of the towns in the United States with the highest percentage of residents who claim Italian ancestry. Ricca is working to include signs, banners, a website and an interactive map of the area. The first signage installed for Little Italy is located at one of the district's entrances near Cannoli World, a company owned by Ricca's wife.

The station hall of Wangfujing Station of Line 1 is located under East Chang'an Avenue, passing through two underground passages that cross East Chang'an Avenue.The station hall of Line 8 is located in the underground on the north side of the intersection of Wangfujing Street and East Chang'an Street, there are two transfers on the south side The passage entrance and the mural "Wangfu Ancient Charm", the station hall of Line 8 is connected to the station hall of Line 1 on the upper floor through the stairs and escalators in the transfer passage, and there is another straight elevator leading to the station hall of Line 1 in the southwest corner. . From the station hall to the platform on the southernmost side of the escalator brow wall is the mural "Century Time-honored Brand", and on the northernmost escalator brow wall is "Wangfujing Xinjie Times Xing".
The platform of Wangfujing Station of Line 1 is located at the bottom of East Chang'an Street. It is an island-style platform. At present, Half-Height Security Gate has been installed (officially opened on July 23, 2017). Line 8 has an island-style platform at the bottom of Wangfujing Street, and Line 1 goes under the rail area.
This subway station has 5 exits: A northeast (to Oriental Plaza), B southeast, C southwest, E3 north, F1 east, of which exits B and C are on the east and west side of Wangfujing intersection, respectively. In the passage, according to the exit of the underground passage, it is divided into B1 (northeast east), B2 (southeast east), B3 (southeast west), C1 (northwest west), C2 (northwest east), C3 (southwest east), C4 (southwest west) Exit, E3 is next to Gongmei Building on the north side of the intersection of Wangfujing Street and Dongdan Santiao, F1 is located on the east of Wangfujing Street side (between Dashamao Hutong and Xigongfu Street), northwest of the west gate of Oriental Plaza. E3 and F1 exits are equipped with ramps, of which the F1 ramp is dedicated to luggage.

In 1801, Philippe Pinel wrote that some of his patients had “Madness without Delirium” meaning that they seemed normal most of the time and could tell what was or wasn’t real but they still did things which were violent and dangerous to both themselves and other people without learning from their mistakes or feeling remorse. In 1835, the British psychiatrist James Cowles Prichard renamed it “Moral Insanity” meaning that the person was actually sane but didn’t have a Conscience. In the 1890s, a German psychiatrist named Julius Ludwig August Koch changed its name from “Moral Insanity”. to “Psychopathic degeneration” which he said was one of many different kinds of Psychopathy. In 1909, the American psychiatrist Karl Birnbaum said that there were some Psychopaths who were not born Psychopaths but became Psychopaths because of how they were raised and he said they should be called "Sociopaths". In 1928, the American psychologist George E. Partridge started to study Psychopaths to figure out what they all had in common and what made them the way they were. In 1930, Partridge said that the one thing that all Psychopaths had in common was that they didn’t understand or follow society’s rules about how to treat other people. So Partridge said that instead of being called “psychopaths” they should be called “sociopaths”. He said that instead of being called “Psychopathic degeneration”, it should be called “Sociopathy”. In 1941 , the American psychiatrist Hervey M. Cleckley wrote a book called The Mask of Sanity. In it, he used the word Psychopathy to mean “Madness without Delirium”, “sociopathy” and “moral insanity”. Cleckley says that a psychopath is a person who can’t feel normal emotions but pretends that he can to trick everyone into believing that he can. Cleckley says that a psychopath usually seems like a normal person because psychopaths don’t have any Psychosis but that actually they make really bad decisions all the time which are often dangerous to other people and to themselves.

After they graduate, the Winx return to Alfea as teachers of a class called "Winxology." However, four men, Ogron, Anagan, Gantlos, and Duman, called the Wizards of the Black Circle show up and try to kidnap Bloom, thinking she is the last Earth fairy. They fail because, since Bloom is really from Domino, there is one last fairy on Earth. The Winx decide to go to Earth to find and protect the last fairy. Soon after they get to Earth, they open a fairy pet shop called Love&Pet, where they sell small magical pets with wings. Flora made the pets from stuffed animals. The Winx find the last fairy, Roxy, then earn their Believix after Roxy believed in fairies. Through the first half of the season, the Winx and Roxy battle against the Wizards. In episode 12, Roxy transforms into her fairy form after Gantlos insults her dog, Artu. In episode 13, so many humans begin believing in magic that the Winx become much more powerful and the Wizards are greatly weakened. In the second half of the season, the Winx go to an island called Tir Nan Og and release the Earth fairies trapped there. Once free, the Earth fairies turn on the humans and Wizards, wanting revenge. Through the second half of the season, the Winx have to face several major Earth fairies. Late in the season, they earn their Sophix and Lovix, two power-ups to Believix. In the final episode, the Winx, Roxy, and the Earth fairies join forces to defeat the Wizards, freezing them in a block of ice in the Omega Dimension. Near the end of the season, Roxy learns that Morgana, Queeen of the Earth fairies, is her mother.

The Goomba has become an icon of the "Mario" series, both in its appearance and the concept of "stomping on them", often seen as one of the key elements of the original "Super Mario Bros." IGN editor Craig Harris described the Goomba as a "household name" along with Koopa Paratroopas and King Koopa. Video game musician and reviewer Tommy Tallarico said that many new converts to gaming have "never even made Super Mario smoosh a Goomba". In a criticism of video game storytelling, Gamasutra editor Daniel Cook referenced Goombas being mushrooms, but also that it was less important than them being squat, to-scale with the world, and able to be squashed. In an article discussing happiness in video games, Gamasutra editor Lorenzo Wang listed the sound the Goomba makes when it's squished as one of his pleasures. IGN editor Mark Birnhaum praised the sound effects of "Super Mario Bros.", giving similar praise to the sound of the Goomba being stomped on. It was compared to the Met enemy from the "Mega Man" series, calling them the "Goomba of the Mega Man series." Crave Online editor Joey Davidson described the Goomba as the series' "everyman", describing it as both defenseless and of little threat, listing such exceptions as the giant Goombas seen in "Super Mario Galaxy". A common enemy in "Braid" has been compared to the Goomba, Gaming Age editor Dustin Chadwell calling it a "slightly skewed version of the Goomba. The Goombas were included in the Ice Capades show featuring characters from the "Mario" series.

In Zhenjiang, As the Manchu garrison had been in the habit of calling the Chinese .6 disloyalists , ” the Fu Kien braves sided with the enemy and set fire to the town . The foreigners then got over the wall and burnt the Manchu quarter, the Assistant Tartar-General and the Acting Sub-Prefect losing their lives, and the taotai escaping to Kashing, which place, as also Hangchow, was now threatened too. Han Chinese civilians gathered to watch the British kill the Manchus in the battle of Zhenjiang, even brining bowls of rice while spectating : "... and their fellow - countrymen , and in danger themselves , from their position , of being shot , were coolly employed eating their bowls of rice ." The British observed the Manchus killing their own children and wives and committing suicide as they lost : “As we marched along the walls, I saw, what as a novice in this description of warfare shocked me much, old men, women and children, cutting each other's throats, and drowning themselves by the dozen; and no one either attempting or apparently showing any inclination to save the poor wretches, nor in fact regarding them with more notice than they would a dead horse carried through the streets of London to the kennel." “ After we had forced our way over piles of furniture, placed to barricade the door, we entered an open court strewed with rich stuffs and covered with clotted blood; and upon the steps leading to the hall of ancestors,' there were two bodies of youthful Tartars cold and stiff, much alike, apparently brothers. Having gained the threshold of their abode, they had died where they had fallen, from the loss of blood. Stepping over these bodies, we entered the hall, and met, face to face, three women seated, a mother and two daughters; and at their feet lay to bodies of elderly men, with their throats cut from ear to ear, their senseless heads resting upon the feet of their relations. To the right were two yonng girls, beautiful and delicate, crouching over, and endeavoring to conceal a living soldier."

Harrison Mills and Clayton Knight met each other during their first year at Western Washington University. The two did not study the same things. Knight studied physics and math while Mills studied graphic design. They did not begin creating music together until their senior year in 2012. As a child, Knight was taught how to play piano.  Later, he learned guitar. The duo quickly released their first Long Play, "Summer's Gone", on September 5 the same year. On November 9, 2012, ODESZA performed their first show. They performed first for Teen Daze and Beat Connection in Bellingham, WA. They soon hit 1 million Soundcloud plays. Their debut EP, "My Friends Never Die", was released a year later. ODESZA was booked to perform first for Pretty Lights on his tour called the Analog Future Tour in the fall of 2013. Their first big tour started on March 12, 2014. ODESZA had 30 million Soundcloud plays on October 1, 2014. On October 17, 2014, ODESZA's "In Return" North American tour sold out 28 shows. Twenty-four ODESZA tracks have hit #1 on the website Hype Machine. These include "How Did I Get Here", "Memories That You Call", "Lights", "All We Need (Autograf Remix)", and several others. Their first festival performance was at Sasquatch! Music Festival in George, WA. This was followed by performances at over 20 festivals, including the following: Coachella, SXSW, Hangout Festival, Lightning In A Bottle, Governor's Ball Music Festival, Bonnaroo Music Festival, Firefly Music Festival, Free Press Summer Fest, What The Festival?!, Electric Forest Festival, Splash Festival, Montreux Jazz Festival, Skral Festival, Sea Dance Festival, Melt! Festival, WayHome Music Festival, HARD Summer Music Festival, Lollapalooza, Squamish Valley Music Festival, Outside Lands, Summer Set Music Festival, Ilesoniq Festival, Chiemsee Summer Festival, MS Dockville Festival, Pukkelpop Festival, and Positiv Festival. Upcoming festival appearances include Mad Decent Block Party, Sun City Music Festival, Backwoods Music Festival, Fun Fun Fun Fest, and Holy Ship!.

Windows Mobile 7 was a officially names have a more features codenamed from the Windows Mobile 6.5 development, was starting history development for Windows Mobile 6.5 until January 14, 2008. After the release for milestone 2 has been a Windows Mobile 7 build 6200, the based from Windows Mobile 6.1, has been history at the Official Development Company on 2008, in July 2008, the Windows Mobile 7 build 6308 has been leaked from the download website for Microsoft official, in Windows Mobile 7 build 6480 has been from Microsoft released on February 18, 2008. Windows Mobile 7 build 6489 has been freeded download from people has been beginning until February 26, 2008. In March 14, 2008, Windows Mobile 7 build 6489 is leaked from the server in development, the Windows Mobile 7 build 6528 and 6630 has been released on March 21, 2008 and build 6630 released on March 31, 2008, is still leaked until December 7, 2020. In April 2008, Microsoft have the news development has been beta version from Windows Mobile 7 build 7000 released until July 11, 2008. Windows Mobile 7 build 7100 has been released on July 29, 2008. Leaked on July 14, 2020. The first day after ended support on 2013, in August 2008, Windows Mobile 7 build 7200 is the first release from beta version in Windows Mobile 6.5 development was released on August 2. In December 2008, Microsoft starting notification the Windows Mobile 7 has renamed is Windows Mobile 6.5 is ready released, has been released for pubilc until May 11, 2009. In January 24, 2009. Microsoft leaked sale beginning from the Windows Mobile 7 build 7100 beta has been freeded buying from people.

The words of Ono's citation explain:
Private First Class Frank H. Ono distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 4 July 1944, near Castellina, Italy. In attacking a heavily defended hill, Private First Class Ono's squad was caught in a hail of formidable fire from the well-entrenched enemy. Private First Class Ono opened fire with his automatic rifle and silenced one machine gun 300 hundred yards to the right front. Advancing through incessant fire, he killed a sniper with another burst of fire, and while his squad leader reorganized the rest of the platoon in the rear, he alone defended the critical position. His weapon was then wrenched from his grasp by a burst of enemy machine pistol fire as enemy troops attempted to close in on him. Hurling hand grenades, Private First Class Ono forced the enemy to abandon the attempt, resolutely defending the newly won ground until the rest of the platoon moved forward. Taking a wounded comrade's rifle, Private First Class Ono again joined in the assault. After killing two more enemy soldiers, he boldly ran through withering automatic, small arms, and mortar fire to render first aid to his platoon leader and a seriously wounded rifleman. In danger of being encircled, the platoon was ordered to withdraw. Volunteering to cover the platoon, Private First Class Ono occupied virtually unprotected positions near the crest of the hill, engaging an enemy machine gun emplaced on an adjoining ridge and exchanging fire with snipers armed with machine pistols. Completely disregarding his own safety, he made himself the constant target of concentrated enemy fire until the platoon reached the comparative safety of a draw. He then descended the hill in stages, firing his rifle, until he rejoined the platoon. Private First Class Ono's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

The Crown Prince and Nongban Kongyamba planned an evil plot to kill Khamba. They sent messengers to Khamba. The messengers told Khamba that he was called by the Crown Prince. On his way, Khamba was interrupted by Kongyamba and his men. Kongyamba asked Khamba to give up Thoibi. Khamba replied that he will not give up.
As a result, they fought. Khamba threw Kongyamba's men upon the ground. Khamba knelt upon Kongyamba's belly. He pressed Kongyamba's throat. He was about to kill Kongyamba. But Kongyamba's men dragged Khamba off. They beat Khamba. His clothes were torn. They bound him so that he could not move. The Prince also came up on his elephant. He told the men to beat him. They fastened him to the elephant's leg with ropes. However, the elephant driver knew that Khamba was innocent. So, he bound him leaving him some spaces to breathe.
Then they stimulated the elephant to harm Khamba. But God Thangjing let it not to move. Finally, Kongyamba hit the elephant with a spear to move in pain. But it did not harm Khamba.
In that night, Goddess Panthoibi told Thoibi in her dream that her beloved man was bound by her father’s orders to the elephant and was nearly killed. Thoibi arose and took a sword. She immediately came to the spot for Khamba. The criminals feld from the spot. She saved Khamba from the criminals as well as the elephant.
The news was informed to Khamnu, Feiroijamba, Nongtholba and Thonglen. Nongtholba, Feiroijamba and Thonglen went to the Royal Court with all their armies. Feiroijamba said to the Court three times about the harsh cruelty to Khamba. However, the Prince did not pay attention to the complaint.
Nongtholba and Prince Chingkhu Akhuba had a conflict on the matter. The conflict could not be resolved without the King. Finally, both went to the King for the judgement.
Before their arrival, Princess Thoibi had already informed the king all the crimes committed by her own father.

The shield consists of many parts. In the center is an image of Mount Ararat with Noah's Ark sitting on top of it. According to tradition, the ark is said to have finally rested on the mountain after the great flood. Ararat is considered the national symbol of Armenia and so is of significant importance to the coat of arms. Surrounding Mount Ararat are symbols of old Armenian dynasties. In the lower left portion of the shield, there are two eagles looking at each other, symbolizing the length of the Armenian territory during the reign of the Artaxiad Dynasty that ruled in the 1st century BC. In the upper left portion, there is a lion with a cross, the emblem for the Bagratuni dynasty that ruled during the Middle Ages, between 7th and 11th centuries. Under this dynasty, Armenia blossomed culturally, making its capital, Ani, one of the most important cultural, social and commercial centers of its time. Bagratuni was destroyed by the Byzantine Empire's encroachment and by Seljuk invasions in the 11th century AD. In the upper right portion, there is a two-headed eagle, the emblem of the first dynasty to reign over a Christian Armenia, the Arsacid Dynasty of Armenia. Tiridates III of Arsacid Dynasty made Armenia the first Christian nation in 301 AD. This dynasty ruled from the 1st century AD to 428 AD. In the lower right portion, there is a lion with a cross, the emblem of the Rubenid dynasty. This dynasty reigned in Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia, a state that expanded and prospered during the 12th and 13th centuries, until the Mamelukes and Turks eventually conquered it.

At the same time, there were many free African Americans in the north. Unlike slaves, they were allowed to start churches, write newspapers, and sometimes own property. Frederick Douglass was an important abolitionist (fighter against slavery). Harriet Tubman helped to create the Underground Railroad, which helped African Americans to sneak away from their masters and become free. During the American Civil War from 1861 to 1865, the south broke away from the United States to form the Confederate States of America, or Confederacy. The United States won the war, and in 1865, it freed all slaves (about 4 million) by the 13th amendment.
African Americans were not slaves anymore, but white southerners passed laws called Black Codes that took away their freedom. Some African Americans served in government, but after 1877, the white southerners mostly kept them out of government. Whites founded the Ku Klux Klan to scare African Americans and stop them from voting. Most southern African Americans became sharecroppers. Sharecropping was a system in which the farmers rented the land from the landowner and had to pay the landowner part of their crops. Jim Crow laws segregated white and black people. Black people had to go to different schools and usually live in different neighborhoods than white people. Many businesses were for whites only. The Supreme Court case Plessy v. Ferguson said that black and white facilities could be separate but equal, but facilities for black people were usually worse. Lynching was often practiced against African Americans. White people used lynching to control and terrorize African Americans.

The roots of the Ustaše ideology were in the Croatian nationalism of the nineteenth century. The Ustaše ideological system was chiefly based on the traditional pure Croatian nationalism of Ante Starčević. About it, W. Safran wroteBut another vision of Croatian identity that was closely tied to the Catholic Church and the Vatican and was led by an ex-seminarist Ante Starcevic became the ideological precursor to the Ustase. Starcevic and his followers emphasized the high achievements of Western Catholic, Croatian culture, while Serbian culture was depicted as oriental and inferior. Starčević's racism was further fully elaborated by Ustaša Ivo Pilar [under the pseudonym L. von Südland]. His book was translated into Croatian in 1943, by Pavelić's regime, as one of the tenets of his Ustaše and his Independent State of Croatia. At the same time, the Ustaše borrowed from traditional Croatian nationalism, the National-Socialism of Hitler, the fascism of Mussolini, and even from the program of the Croatian Peasant Party. The Ustaše aimed at an ethnically "pure" Croatia, and saw the Serbs that lived in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina as their biggest obstacle. Along that line, Ustaše ministers Mile Budak, Mirko Puk, and Milovan Žanić declared in May 1941 that the goal of the new Ustaše policy was an ethnically clean Croatia. They also publicly announced the strategy (on July 22, 1941 ) to achieve their goal, which resembled the bloodiest religious wars: "A third must become Catholic, a third must leave the country, and a third must die!"

The Pink Panther receives a letter from his uncle, which tells him that he must get home. Along the way, the Pink Panther remembers that her uncle was like a hero to hers, but she also thought that he had died since he was eaten by a big blue dinosaur. Then, the player (who plays the role of the Panther) has to go through the Panther's uncle's entire house, which is made up of twelve levels, until he reaches the attic where a treasure inherited from the panther's uncle is hidden. panther. Each level is made up of a large scenario (which is based on one of the Panther's uncle's trips) which consists of the panther having to steal objects from an individual. This individual gets angry and chases the panther until he can win by giving said object to another, so that this allows him to enter other parts of a level, so that finally the Panther manages to steal the key to the stage that will help him pass from one level to another. level. In addition, the game has special levels where the Pink Panther has to skate and avoid obstacles along the way to win the level. Other minor levels consist of the Pink Panther must defeat a boss through the use of explosives. In the final level, the Pink Panther has to face an antagonistic, animated version of Inspector Clouseau. After defeating him, it is discovered that the Panther's uncle was not dead and he wanted the Panther to recover the treasure and then escape with it. However, the Pink Panther was confused and upset by the situation, so she chased her uncle around the city.

Barnaul () is a city in Russia. It is the capital and largest city of Altai Krai. Its population was 632,372 as of 2018. It is home to the centers of silver in Russia. 
Barnaul was founded by the family of Demidov, who intended to develop the production of copper and silver of Russia, which continued after the factories were taken over by the Crown of Russia. Barnaul became a major center of silver in Russia. Barnaul's city status was founded in 1771. In 1738 a silver-refining works was established and Barnaul became the original hub of the Altai mining region of Russia. It was a major trade centre in 1850. Barnaul has good communications by Ob River, by the South Siberian, Turk-Sib, and Omsk-Barnaul railways, and by roads to the Kolyvan-Rubtsovsk mining area and Novosibirsk. As a result after that, its industrial importance has increased and its range of products grown wider. Barnaul's engineering industries produce boilers, presses, diesel motors, and radios; other industries make cotton textiles, chemical fibres, cellophane, tires, and lumber and forest products. There is also a range of consumer-goods industries. Barnaul has a research institute of agriculture, livestock husbandry, institutes for engineering, teacher training, and medicine.
Barnaul was located in the Forest steppes of the West Siberian Plain. It is 345 kilometers northeast of the Kazakhstan-Russia border, 3,622 kilometers southeast of Moscow, 4,051 kilometers southeast of Saint Petersburg, 3,159 kilometers southeast of Nizhny Novgorod, 1,823 kilometers southeast of Yekaterinburg, 232 kilometers south of Novosibirsk, 5,810 kilometers northwest of Vladivostok, and 5,015 kilometers southwest of Yakutsk.
Barnaul is an important industrial center of Western Siberia. There are more than 100 industrial businesses and companies in the city, giving work to approximately 120,000 people. These industries include diesel, carbon processing, production of heavy machinery, tyres, furniture and footwear.
As of 2018, the city has over 632,372 people. In 2010, the city has 612,401 people and in 2014, the population rose to 632,784.

The Inquiry said that the German Empire should give Alsace-Lorraine back to France, that France should get the parts of the Saarland that it controlled before 1815, that the Rhineland should be demilitarized, that Belgium stop being neutral, that Belgium should get some territory in the Maastricht and Malmedy regions, that Luxembourg should either be annexed to Belgium or have its independence brought back, and that there should be a vote in northern Schleswig to decide whether it will stay with the German Empire or rejoin Denmark. The Inquiry also said that if Russia could become a real democratic federation, then the Baltic states (other than Lithuania) and Ukraine should reunite with Russia since this would be in the best economic interests of everyone. The Inquiry also said that if the Bolsheviks will keep control of Russia, then the independence of both the Baltic states and Ukraine would have to be recognized on the condition that there would be a vote in these territories on a future reunion with Russia once Russia will stop being ruled by Bolsheviks. The Inquiry's proposed borders for Latvia, Estonia, and Ukraine were very similar to the borders that these countries had after 1991 in real life, with the Inquiry even saying that Ukraine should get Crimea. The Inquiry also said that Finland should be given its independence, that the Aland Islands should be given to Sweden, that an independent Poland be created along with a Polish Corridor so that it could have secure access to the Baltic Sea, that Poland and Lithuania should reunite, and that the door should be kept open for Poland to get both eastern Galicia and the Belarusian-majority territories to its north. The Inquiry said that Wilsonian Armenia should get independence and also that both Georgia (country) and Azerbaijan should get provisional independence, with the Inquiry having a favorable view of the idea of a future union between Armenia, Georgia, and Azerbaijan.

Arnold began the war when he was elected as a captain in Connecticut's militia in March 1775. After the start of fighting at Lexington and Concord the following month, his company marched northeast to help at the siege of Boston that followed. Arnold told the Massachusetts Committee of Safety of his idea to seize Fort Ticonderoga in New York, which he knew was poorly defended. They made him a colonel on 3 May 1775, and he immediately rode off to the west, arriving at Castleton in the disputed New Hampshire Grants (present-day Vermont) in time to join with Ethan Allen and his men in the capture of Fort Ticonderoga. He followed up that action with a bold raid on Fort Saint-Jean on the Richelieu River north of Lake Champlain. When a Connecticut militia force arrived at Ticonderoga in June, he had a dispute with its commander over control of the fort, and resigned his Massachusetts commission. He was on his way home from Ticonderoga when he learned that his wife died earlier in June.
When the Second Continental Congress authorized an invasion of Quebec, in part on the urging of Arnold, he was passed over for command of the expedition. Arnold then went to Cambridge, Massachusetts, and suggested to George Washington a second expedition to attack Quebec City via a wilderness route through present-day Maine. This expedition, for which Arnold received a colonel's commission in the Continental Army, left Cambridge in September 1775 with 1,100 men. After a difficult passage in which 300 men turned back and another 200 died en route, Arnold arrived before Quebec City in November. Joined by Richard Montgomery's small army, he took part in the assault on Quebec City on 31 December, in which Montgomery was killed and Arnold's leg was shattered. Rev. Samuel Spring, his chaplain, carried him to the makeshift hospital at the Hotel Dieu. Arnold, who was promoted to brigadier general for his role in reaching Quebec, maintained an ineffectual siege of the city until he was replaced by Major General David Wooster in April 1776.

Larry Rohter in his July 9, 2010 review in "The New York Times" describes Twain as a Colonel Sanders without the chicken who told stories, whose books "Huck Finn" and "Tom Sawyer" he had to read in high school. In writing his autobiography, Twain spoke his recollections and opinions to his secretary for a more natural, frank, colloquial tone than if he had written them down. Twain died on April 21, 1910. He was 74 years old. The content of his 500,000 word autobiography is published in the random order he wrote it, and that is the way he wanted it to be. Previous editions of the work have put things in chronological order. They have also censored it for interest and propriety. This edition, published over 100 years after his death, has the material in the order he wrote it and uncensored. The University of California Press published it in three volumes. 5% of the first volume was never published before, and about 50% of all three volumes was never published before. Twain claims some shocking things, such as the elder Rockefeller paying taxes on only 2.5 million of his fortune and a U.S. Army overkill against six hundred Philippine savages resisting U.S. imperialism. In Twain’s boyhood in Missouri, he was not aware there was anything wrong about slavery. When Cleveland was U.S. President, Twain met him in the White House and got the First Lady’s autograph. Twain resented his publisher and an inventor for fleecing him, and also a rude landlord, from when he lived in Italy in 1904.

Mickey Mouse enters Pluto in a ritzy dog show. The two arrive there in a makeshift wooden car. While Mickey grooms Pluto, Pluto starts swooning over Fifi the Peke. When Pluto is called to the judge's stand, Mickey quickly retrieves him. Things don't look good for Mickey and Pluto after he attacks the judge (due to him being rude to Pluto), resulting in the two getting kicked out. Upon hearing trick dogs coming onstage to perform, Mickey decides to reenter Pluto in the dog show as a trick dog, but Pluto is nervous about the idea. When a photographer attempts to take a picture of the trick dogs, the camera's flash powder ignites a curtain, causing a fire to break out in the building. Fifi gets stuck under a fallen microphone stand. As Mickey is about to go back in with Pluto as a roller skating dog, a crowd of people and dogs run out. Pluto hears Fifi and bravely goes in, still wearing his roller skates. Mickey tries to follow, but is stopped by falling debris. After hitting a column and narrowly avoiding a collapsing part of the floor and a falling wall, Pluto skates his way across wooden beams and saves Fifi just before the floor that she's on gives way. They escape the burning building by crashing through a window and land on a drain pipe that folds down like a spring and launches them out onto the street. Mickey and the others gather around Pluto and the judge awards Pluto with a medal as everyone cheers for him, hailing him as a hero. Pluto then uses his ear to pull Fifi behind the medal, presumably sharing a kiss.

In 2010, Erix entered into a deal with Universal Music Group in Germany but his album release was held up for years when the record company began restructuring and his former A&R and manager, Nik Hafemann, left the label to become a judge on a German reality TV series. During this time, Erix continued to cultivate his presence online and released demo versions of new songs he had been working on such as "Squeaky Clean", a pop-punk satire of Disney Channel stars, as well as "So Scene, So See Through (A Song For Mutts)" which ultimately inspired the name of Erix's fandom and social justice movement, the "Mutt Army". Amidst it's online popularity, Ian was invited to perform the song on MTV UK in a special live session that was recorded for the network in their London studio. Another single from that period, "The Human Race" was featured in Season 3 Episode 19 of the popular TV show 90210 on The CW network in the USA and worldwide on Netflix.
In 2012, Erix begain to appear as a performer and television presenter in numerous countries around the globe at festivals such as Tomorrowland in Belgium and Ultra Music Festival Europe. He began experimenting with more electronic, dance, and pop sounds and had a major breakthrough in 2012 when he played his single, "Sex, Dance and Rock & Roll (Lose It)" onstage at Réveillon, a live New Year's Eve concert in Brazil with David Guetta that had an in-person audience of 2+ million people. Ian was later signed to Ultra Music and since that time he has continued to tour extensively, visiting over 60 countries worldwide.

Adams lost the 1828 election to Jackson. The election was noted for the personal attacks made by the candidates against each other. 
In the 1830s, slavery emerged as an increasingly polarizing issue in the United States. A longtime opponent of slavery, Adams used his new role in Congress to fight it, and he became the most prominent national leader opposing slavery. After one of his reelection victories, he said that he must "bring about a day prophesied when slavery and war shall be banished from the face of the earth." He wrote in his private journal in 1820:"The discussion of this Missouri question has betrayed the secret of their souls. In the abstract they admit that slavery is an evil, they disclaim it, and cast it all upon the shoulder of…Great Britain. But when probed to the quick upon it, they show at the bottom of their souls pride and vainglory in their condition of masterdom. They look down upon the simplicity of a Yankee's manners, because he has no habits of overbearing like theirs and cannot treat negroes like dogs. It is among the evils of slavery that it taints the very sources of moral principle. It establishes false estimates of virtue and vice: for what can be more false and heartless than this doctrine which makes the first and holiest rights of humanity to depend upon the color of the skin?"In 1836, partially in response to Adams's consistent presentation of citizen petitions requesting the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia, the House of Representatives imposed a "gag rule" that immediately tabled any petitions about slavery. The rule was favored by Democrats and Southern Whigs but was largely opposed by Northern Whigs like Adams.

In "The Kite Runner", Amir and Hassan grow up together in Afghanistan like brothers, although they could not be more different. Amir is the son of a rich businessman, a Sunni Muslim, a Pashtun. He is educated and loves to read and write. Hassan's father Ali is a servant to Amir's father. Hassan is a Sh'ia Muslim and a Hazara. He can not read and has a harelip. Neither boy has a mother, although Baba's friend, Rahim Kahn, has a close friendship with Amir. They spend their boyhoods roaming the streets of Kabul together. Amir is a selfish friend to Hassan, who is devoted and loyal to Amir. One day, he hides in fear as Hassan is beaten and raped by three bullies, led by a boy called Assef, when Hassan refuses to give them a kite that he found for Amir. After this, he cannot bear to talk to Hassan and pretends to his father that Hassan stole his watch so that Hassan will be sent away. Although his father forgives Hassan, Ali and Hassan decide to leave. The Soviet invasion of Afghanistan sends Amir and his father escaping to the United States, because Amir's father has been known to curse the Communists and had a strong admiration on Ronald Reagan. Amir is called back to Afghanistan, by a terminally ill Rahim Kahn, as an adult during the Taliban rule to rescue Hassan's son Sohrab, when Rahim tells him that he and Hassan are actually half-brothers because his father secretly had sex with Hassan's mother. When rescuing Sohrab, Amir has to confront Assef who is now a leader of the Taliban. He gets severely beaten by Assef and Sohrab eventually saves him by firing a slingshot at Assef's eye. He goes home with Amir to live with him and his wife Soraya, but does not talk or play. Eventually, Amir gets Sohrab to smile when he teaches him to fly a kite.

Parth-Shorvori along with the entire Bhanushali family redouble their efforts to take care of Teni and the perspective child. However, Indu (Vaishnavi Mahant), Parth's mother, starts criticizing Shorvori,for lying about her pregnancy to the family. Shorvori feels distressed and goes on to misunderstand Parth's growing relationship with Teni upon noticing Parth and Teni in few random situations. Shorvori makes a stern request, following which Parth stays away from Teni and even refuses to talk to her. Now with the two people closest to her acting distant and aloof, Teni feels neglected and interacts with Parth ragarding the matter as Shorvori walks in and spotting them together, she lashes out at Parth for breaking his promise and accuses him of cheating on her and takes the drastic decision of leaving the house, ending her relationship with Parth. Later, Teni gets to know that Shorvori has brain tumour and is going to die soon. She just pretended as if she misunderstood Parth and Teni to earn their hatred. She forbids Teni from informing Parth about her condition and wants Teni to be the woman for Parth after her death. Shorvori continues her drama to make Parth and family members hate her, but in vain. Teni decides to help her out in her drama as finally, Shorvori sends divorce papers to Parth and even gets him arrested for one night. The family turns against Shorvori as they now believe that Parth should forget Shorvori and marry Teni instead.The entire family supports Teni when she decides to leave the house with the unborn child as Parth had declined her marriage proposal. Parth begins to suspect Shorvori's true intentions and asks Teni to make Shorvori sign the divorce papers in his presence as a condition for marrying Teni. Shorvori calls Teni talk in private, but meets with an accident as her car's brakes fail and it crashes into a tree. Teni witnesses the accident but fails to rescue Shorvori as the car goes up in flames, killing Shorvori!

Like the original release, "Broken Sword: The Shadow of the Templars - Director's Cut" also got very good reviews from critics. "App Spy" praised the game's great looking visual presentation, excellent touch screen controles and challenging puzzle gameplay, and called it a must own games, even for newcomers to the genre, but stated that the hint system can make things too simple, and that the auto-save function is not the greatest. "Touch Arcade" said: "Whether you're an old fan of the original game, a newcomer to the series, or even someone who's never played a point-and-click adventure before, Broken Sword is a game with mass appeal that will draw you in" and called it "A Point-and-Click Classic Made Even Better". "Slide to Play" gave both, the iPhone and iPad a 4 out of 4 stars, and called it a real winner, even among other classic adventures. Nigel Wood of "Touchgen" praised the game's great visuals, sound, and well implemented interface, but called story the winner in the game, as it can "like a good book, keep you glued to your little screen". "LEVEL" stated that even 13 years after its first appearance, Broken Sword lost nothing of its powers, and called it a fantastic adventure game with lovely characters, strong story and DS-enhanced puzzle solving. "Just Adventure" stated that the game consists of a rich plot, fun characters and puzzles, and great art and soun. Francis Rizo III of "Video Game Talk" stated that Broken Sword with its engagingly deep storyline, gorgeous art, fun writing, entertaining puzzles and terrific vocal cast, just raised the bar to a level that will be incredibly hard to meet for any game, and that people should buy it, as it is fun and its success may spur developers to take another look at this somewhat dormant genre, supplementing the wave of Wii ports with something new and original.

Benque Viejo del Carmen (usually shortened to "Benque") is a town in the country of Belize. It is in the Cayo District. The northern edge of the town is along the Mopan River. The river also forms the border with Guatemala. Benque Viejo is a growing town rich with culture and activities. It is a short 5 minute walk to the famous Xunantunich ruins. It also is home to Actun Chapat, a large underground cave system, popular with tourists. An addition of a new Municipal market in Sept 6 2014 . A new hotel the Benque Resort. The addition of Tropic Air extending flights to Maya Flats, has increased the interest and visitors to Benque. Benque is experiencing a growing expat population of retirees, as it was voted cleanest and safest town in Belize.
Once a bustling center of trade for logwood and chicle, Benque is now experiencing growth in tourism, and the addition of a Free trade zone has contributed to the growth and prosperity of the town. Residents enjoy a variety of activities in the town, one of the most popular is river tubing. Leaving from the dock at the Benque Resort on Riverside, visitors and residents, can enjoy the beautiful greenish/blue waters of the Mopan River and float downstream to the Mayan ruins of Xunantunich, a popular tourist destination, which features one of the largest pyramids in Belize. A popular House of Culture features a Marimba academy,art classes,dance and music classes to residents and visitors alike. A 100-acre Art park Poustinia on the outskirts of Benque features fabulous works, created by groups and students from all over the world. A publishing house, Cubola books, and a recording studio, Stonetree records, have made this town popular amongst artists from all over the world. The addition of Cave Garden coffee house and resident artist and world renowned master flutist Pablo Collado has entertained countless groups and dignitaries.

Back in the past, the trio is shown to be approaching graduation in their fourth year at the ICE. One night, Rancho points out to Farhan and Raju why they consistently place last; Farhan's passion is wildlife photography, not engineering, and Raju lacks self-confidence. When Farhan and Raju promise to confront their problems if Rancho confesses his feelings for Pia, the trio breaks into Virus' home in and Farhan and Raju urinate on his letterbox in a drunken state. During the trio's escape, however, Virus spots Raju and gives him an ultimatum the next day to either act as his witness in rusticating Rancho or being rusticated from the ICE himself. Neither wishing to disappoint his family nor betray his friend, a distraught Raju attempts suicide by jumping from heights and passes into a coma, but successfully recovers over the next few months with the support and care of Rancho, Farhan and Pia, while Virus also rescinds his rustication. With a newfound perspective of his life, Raju confidently attends his on-campus interview and manages to secure a job in an engineering firm, while Farhan also convinces his father about his passion for wildlife photography and contentment with the job he secured with his role model, wildlife photographer Andre Istvan, in Hungary. According to the bet made by Rancho, Virus' private barber shaves off his moustache and in an attempt to protect his fragile ego, Virus drunkenly decides to sabotage Raju's chances of success by setting an unfairly difficult examination. However, Pia visits Rancho in a drunken state and provides him with the duplicate keys of Virus' office, encouraging him to copy the examination papers set by Virus for Raju.

In the previous books, Harry is written as a child, but Rowling states that in the fourth novel, "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire", "Harry's horizons are literally and metaphorically widening as he grows older." Harry's developing maturity becomes apparent when he becomes interested in Cho Chang, a pretty Ravenclaw student. Tension mounts, however, when Harry is mysteriously chosen by the Goblet of Fire to compete in the dangerous Triwizard Tournament, even though another Hogwarts champion, Cedric Diggory, was already selected. It is actually an elaborate scheme by Lord Voldemort to lure Harry into a deadly trap. During the Tournament's final challenge, Harry and Cedric are teleported to a graveyard. Cedric is killed, and Lord Voldemort, aided by Peter Pettigrew, uses Harry's blood in a gruesome ritual to resurrect Voldemort's body. When Harry duels Voldemort, their wands' magical streams connect, forcing the spirit echoes of Voldemort's victims, including Cedric and James and Lily Potter, to be expelled from his wand through Priori Incancatem. The spirits shortly protect Harry as he escapes to Hogwarts with Cedric's body. For Rowling, this scene is important because it shows how Harry is brave, and by finding Cedric's corpse, he demonstrates selflessness and compassion. Says Rowling, "He wants to save Cedric's parents additional pain". She added that preventing Cedric Diggory's body from falling into Voldemort's hands is based on the classic scene in the "Iliad" where Achilles finds the body of his best friend Patroclus from the hands of Hector. The author said: "That [Iliad scene] really, really, REALLY moved me when I read that when I was 19. The idea of the desecration of a body, a very ancient idea... I was thinking of that when Harry saved Cedric's body." She also said that she cried while writing the scene when Harry's dead parents are drawn from Voldemort's wand, the first time she cried while penning her story.

Punk felt embarrassed by having his head shaved and he considered himself to be always pure unlike his followers, Punk appeared under a mask to cover his bald head on the May 29 episode of "SmackDown". At Fatal 4-Way, Punk challenged for the World Heavyweight Championship against Mysterio, The Big Show and the champion Jack Swagger but lost when Kane attacked Punk after Kane accused Punk of being the person who attacked The Undertaker. Punk was unmasked by Big Show on the July 16 episode of "SmackDown" while Punk was healing from an arm injury. On the July 23 episode of "SmackDown", Big Show unmasked the fourth member of the Straight Edge Society and it was revealed to be Joey Mercury. This incident led to a handicap match at SummerSlam. In the match, Big Show defeated the Straight Edge Society when Punk abandoned them. Punk was defeated in a singles match against Big Show at Night of Champions. A little while after, Serena was released from her WWE contract after she reportedly did not "live out" her straight edge persona in public. Mercury had also suffered an injury which caused the group to shorten. Gallows showed signs of dissent and Punk defeated Gallows in a match on the September 24 episode of "SmackDown". The ended the group.
Punk was traded back to "Raw" when he was swapped with Edge. Punk competed in an interbrand tag team match at Bragging Rights after he injured Evan Bourne to take his place, but the team lost. It was later reported that Punk had been suffering from a hip injury and he would need to stop competing for a while. To stay on television, Punk appeared and began commentating on "Raw" starting on November 22. During his commentary time, Punk showed favor toward heels and criticized John Cena because of his actions with The Nexus. Punk left commentary after he attacked John Cena with a chair on both "Raw" and "SmackDown". Punk revealed that he had joined The Nexus and this was the reason that he had attacked Cena. Punk would command the group to attack Randy Orton and blamed him for Punk's first World Heavyweight Championship reign in 2008 ending. The incident led to a match at WrestleMania XXVII where Orton defeated Punk. They also had a Last Man Standing match with The New Nexus barred from ringside at Extreme Rules which Punk also lost.

Nongban Kongyamba was jealous of Khamba. Every year, the rulers of each Pana (State Province) chose a man to go to the kingdom's sports contest. Khamba's ruler chose him. Nongban's ruler chose him. That year, the contest's foot race was longer than it had been before. Khamba and Nongban both ran a race: Khamba far very fast with his chest low. Nongban ran fast with his head high. Nongban could not run fast for as far as Khamba could.
One night, Kongyamba planned with his men how to defeat Khamba. 
<poem>"Many are the races I have won, and heavy will be my disgrace if this year I am second to Khamba."</poem>
Khamnu worried that somone else in the contest might hurt Khamba out of jealousy.
On the next day, Nongban Kongyamba said to the people, 
<poem>"It is evil for land if a poor man win the race. It might bring scarcity more than the people can bear. Let's say this among the people before the race begin."</poem>
This words spread among the public. Khamba was stopped and told that his name was not in the list of the contestants. Khamba believed them. So, he sadly returned home. He told everything to Khamnu. The two siblings told Nongtholba about it. Nongtholba went to the king. The king told Khamba to go and be in the contest if it was not still late to join.
Khamba joined the foot rate. He ran as fast as he could. But Kongyamba's men tried to stop him while he was running. But Khamba pushed them out of the way. At last, he ran up to Kongyamba. Kongyamba was running slowly because he was tired. Suddenly, fifteen of Kongyamba's horsemen stopped Khamba. But Khamba kicked all of them away.
Khamnu shouted "Run on Khamba, for your father's honor." Finally, Khamba ran to the end of the race. He was the winner, and Kongyamba was second. Both saluted the king. The king was more pleased with Khamba. He gave Khamba a coat with gold thread in it. The queen gave Khamba very good clothes. The ministers also gave him gifts.
Khamba and his sister Khamnu offered many of the clothes to the old men and women.

The "Yurovsky Note" was found in 1989 and described in Edvard Radzinsky's 1992 book "The Last Tsar". The "Yurovsky Note" was a description of the event by Yurovsky after the execution. According to the note, on the night of the murders the family was awakened and told to dress. They were told they were moving to a new place for their safety. They claimed it was because of the possible violence which might happen when the White Army reached Yekaterinburg. When they were dressed, the family and the few servants were led to a small room in the house's basement. They were told to wait there. Alexandra asked for chairs for herself and Alexei, and she sat next to her son. After a short time, the executioners entered the room, led by Yurovsky. Yurovsky quickly told the Tsar and his family that they were going to die. The Tsar cried "What?" and turned to his family, but was immediately killed when several bullets hit his chest. The Tsar, the empress, and two servants were killed in the first round of shooting. Maria, Dr. Botkin and Alexandra's maid Demidova were hurt. Thick smoke and dust filled the room from the shooting, so the gunmen left the room for a few minutes. They soon came back and shot Dr. Botkin. A gunman named Ermakov tried to shoot Tsarevich Alexei, but the jewels in the boy's clothes protected him. Ermakov tried to kill Alexei with a bayonet but failed again. At last, Yurovsky fired two shots into the boy's head. Tatiana and Olga were near the wall. They were holding onto each other and crying for their mother. Tatiana was killed by a shot to her head. Olga died when Ermakov shot her in the jaw.

The math is a way of describing things that happen in the real world. You might imagine that it would be easy to get both the exact position of something and its exact mass, path, and speed at the same time. However, in reality you have to do two things to get your answer. If you are measuring the position and momentum of a bullet that is stuck in a cliff of a great mountain somewhere, it is a simple matter. The mountain does not appear to be going anywhere, and neither is the bullet. So its position is known and its velocity is 0, so its momentum is also 0. But if the bullet is somewhere between a gun and a target, it will be difficult to get its position at any given time. The best we may be able to do is to take its picture using a camera with a very fast shutter. But a single squeeze of the shutter would give you only one thing, the bullet's position at time t. To get the momentum we might put a block of paraffin in the bullet's way and measure how the block of paraffin moved when it stopped the bullet. Or, if we knew the bullet's mass, we might take a sequence of two pictures, compute the velocity by knowing the difference between the two positions of the bullet and the time between its two appearances. However we do it, we need to measure mass and position and time between appearances. We end up making at least two measurements to get to x and p. In that case we have to choose which measurement to make first, and which to make second. It seems to make no difference which order our measurements are made in. Measuring the bullet's mass and then measuring its positions twice, or measuring the bullet's positions twice and then recovering the bullet and measuring its mass would not make any difference, would it? After all, we have not done anything to the bullet when we weigh it or when we make photographs of it.

sentenced to death, commuted to 10 years in prison. After 18 months, he was exchanged for Polish prisoners. In 1921-23 deputy. People's Commissar of Justice of the Byelorussian SSR. In 1923-26 he was the executive secretary of the Council of Trade Unions of Belarus. In 1926-30 - at trade union and party work in Siberia, 1st secretary of the Irkutsk district committee of the CPSU (b). From Oct. 1930 to Feb. 1934 2nd Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party (b) of Belarus. Since 1934, he was a member of the Party Control Commission (CPC) under the Central Committee of the All-Union Communist Party of Bolsheviks, authorized by the CPC for Kazakhstan and the Kharkov region. Since March 1937, 1st Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party (b) of Belarus. He led the deployment of a campaign of mass repressions in the republic. In June 1937, at the XVI Congress of the Communist Party (b) of Belarus, h≤e declared: “We must completely destroy the remnants of the Japanese-German and Polish spies and saboteurs, the remnants of the Trotsky-Bukharin gang and nationalist carrion, crush and grind them into powder, no matter how they disguise themselves no matter what hole they hide in." 17/7/1937 arrested. Involved as an accused in the trial in the case of the Right-Trotskyist Anti-Soviet Bloc. On March 13, 1938, he was sentenced to death. In the last word, he declared: "I felt the whole nightmare of the treacherous, treacherous crimes committed by me against the Soviet people, against the Soviet country. Anyone like me will certainly be crushed by all the might of Soviet power.”And then was shot. In 1957 he was rehabilitated, in 1958 he was reinstated in the party. Sharangovich was rehabilitated in 1958.
He was posthumously rehabilitated in 1958.

Author Upton Sinclair wrote an exposé called "The Jungle", which was an unflattering portrait of the meat packing industry of America. In it, he wrote:
"""Bubbly Creek" is an arm of the Chicago River, and forms the southern boundary of the Union Stock Yards; all the drainage of the square mile of packing-houses empties into it, so that it is really a great open sewer a hundred or two feet wide. One long arm of it is blind, and the filth stays there forever and a day. The grease and chemicals that are poured into it undergo all sorts of strange transformations, which are the cause of its name; it is constantly in motion, as if huge fish were feeding in it, or great leviathans disporting themselves in its depths. Bubbles of carbonic gas will rise to the surface and burst, and make rings two or three feet wide. Here and there the grease and filth have caked solid, and the creek looks like a bed of lava; chickens walk about on it, feeding, and many times an unwary stranger has started to stroll across, and vanished temporarily. The packers used to leave the creek that way, till every now and then the surface would catch on fire and burn furiously, and the fire department would have to come and put it out. Once, however, an ingenious stranger came and started to gather this filth in scows, to make lard out of; then the packers took the cue, and got out an injunction to stop him, and afterwards gathered it themselves. The banks of "Bubbly Creek" are plastered thick with hairs, and this also the packers gather and clean.""

These drugs were usually made for other reasons, such as stopping cancer. These drugs can also be used if a child starts puberty at a very early age, such as 7 or 8. The name for that situation is "precocious puberty." Going through puberty too early creates medical and psychological problems. The person might not grow as tall as they could. They might feel very different from their friends and other children in school. Girls who go through puberty early have a bigger chance of being sexually assaulted. They also have a bigger chance of becoming pregnant while still a young teenager. There is a bigger chance that later in life they might get a cancer such as breast cancer, because there is a higher risk associated with the number of years the woman had between puberty (usually defined as menarche for studies) and the first time she has a baby. One of the drugs that can be given to people with boy bodies is called Lupron Depot. It works by causing a very big drop in testosterone levels. The drugs to block or slow puberty can be given with a needle in the leg, or sometimes the shoulder. In a young person with a boy body, for some drugs, the needle is put in a testicle. Sometimes the drugs are in a patch that is under the skin of an upper arm. The patch is usually changed once a year. There is a chance that unwanted things could happen because of these drugs. These things are called side effects. There are some short term side effects, most of which are not huge problems for most people getting the drugs. The more important thing is that these drugs might have long-term effects on:

Creos works in two national projects; smart grids, electromobility and energy management.
In accordance with the law of 7 August 2012 that puts the European Energy Efficiency Directive into Luxembourg law, all the gas and electricity meters must be changed in the country, independently of the network operator. Creos has made 300,000 smart meters that record information about energy in Luxembourg. This includes 250,000 electricity meters and 50,000 gas meters. The installation of these new electricity and gas meters – called Smarty – in Luxembourg homes will allow the creation of networks with real intelligence: smart grids. These smart grids can monitor decentralised electricity production (like wind turbines and photovoltaic panels), regulating the variations of the feeds into the distribution networks with greater precision and managing the demand peaks linked with the charging of electric vehicles more effectively. The law from 7 August 2012 also demands that the metering system must be able to receive water and heating.
Creos will install 800 public charging stations for electric cars and hybrid plug-in cars across the country. Each charging station will have two charging points, and the network – called Chargy – will include 1,600 parking spaces for electric vehicles. Creos will be responsible for the deployment, operation and maintenance of the public charging infrastructure on its distribution network, a total of 749 stations out of the 800 that are to be installed. In January 2021, Creos inaugurated the first two Superchargy ultra-fast charging terminals at Kirchberg, a district of Luxembourg City. By 2023, 88 SuperChargy direct current (DC) terminals will be along the country's main roads and motorways, as well in some Park & Ride car parks, 19 locations in all.

For about four years after his return from Agra, Shivaji Maharaj concentrated his attention on putting the affairs of Swaraj in order. He re-organized the army and carried repairs to forts. In 1670, Shivaji Maharaj started an offensive policy against the Mughals. His first aim was to clear his homeland of the Mughals. He also aimed at recapturing the forts and territories ceded to the Mughals according to the treaty of Purandar. The strategy followed by Shivaji Maharaj was to capture the forts by sending a well-equipped army on one hand and on the other hand to keep the Mughals unstable by invading the Mughal territories of the Deccan. Maharaj attacked Ahmednagar and Junnar. Sinhgad was the first fort to be recaptured on 4th February 1670. Shivaji Maharaj also recaptured Purandar, Lohgad, Mahuli, Karnala and Rohida. Then he attacked Surat for the second time. On the way back he fought a battle with the Mughals at Vani-Dindori in Nashik district. He defeated Daud Khan in the battle. The Marathas under the leadership of Moropant Pingle captured Trimbakgad. The Maratha army then invaded Baglan, a hilly district that was guarded by nine hill forts. The Maratha army not only captured smaller hill forts of Baglan but also captured Mulher fort and Salher which lay on the border of Khandesh and Gujarat. Salher became a base of operations against the rich provinces of Gujarat and Khandesh. The Mughals tried to recapture Salher but failed. In 1672, Shivaji Maharaj’s army conquered the principality of Jawhar and then Ramnagar.

On April 20, 1994, Roger Penske and Kaiser announced the construction of a racetrack on the site of the abandoned Kaiser Steel mill in Fontana, California, A day after the announcement, CART announced it would hold an annual race at the speedway, Three months later, NASCAR president Bill France Jr. agreed to sanction a Winston Cup Series race at the track that yet to be built. Community meetings were held to discuss issues related to the construction of the track and the local effects of events held, The local community largely supported construction of the speedway citing potentially increased land values and rejuvenation of the community, In April 1995, after touring the sister track, Michigan International Speedway, the San Bernardino County Board of Superiors unanimously approved the project. The California Environmental Protection Agency gave Penske permission to begin construction after Kaiser agreed to pay $6 million to remove hazardous waste from the site, Construction of the site began on November 22, 1995 with the demolition of the Kaiser Steel Mill. The 100-foot water tower, a landmark of the Kaiser property, was used as a scoreboard. of contaminated dirt was removed and transported to a toxic waste landfill, To prevent remaining impurities from rising to the surface, a cap of non-porus polyethylene was put down and covered with of clean soil. Construction of the track was completed in late 1996.
On January 10, 1997, Marlboro Team Penske's driver Paul Tracy became the first driver to test on the new speedway, NASCAR held its first open test session on at the track from May 5-7, The official opening and ribbon cutting ceremony was held on June 20, 1997, with the first race, a NASCAR West Series race, being held the next day.

"Deliverance" was released on November 4, 2002, and debuted at number 19 on the US Top Independent Albums chart, marking the band's first US chart appearance. Allmusic stated, ""Deliverance" is altogether more subtle than any of its predecessors, approaching listeners with haunting nuances and masterful dynamics rather than overwhelming them with sheer mass and complexity." Opeth played a single concert in Stockholm, then returned to the UK to finish recording vocals for the second of the two albums, "Damnation", at Steve Wilson's No Man's Land Studios. Although Åkerfeldt first believed the band could not finish both albums, Opeth completed "Deliverance" and "Damnation" in just seven weeks of studio time, which was the same amount spent on "Blackwater Park" alone. "Damnation" was released on April 14, 2003, and gained the band its first appearance on the US "Billboard" 200 at number 192. The album also won the band a 2003 Swedish Grammy Award for "Best Hard Rock Performance". The band launched its biggest tour yet, playing nearly 200 shows in 2003 and 2004. Opeth performed three special shows in Europe with two song lists each—one acoustic set and one heavy set. The band recorded its first DVD, "Lamentations: Live at Shepherd's Bush Empire 2003", at Shepherd's Bush Empire in London. The DVD featured a two-hour performance, including the entire "Damnation" album, as well as several songs from "Deliverance" and "Blackwater Park", and a one-hour documentary about the recording of "Deliverance" and "Damnation". The DVD was certified Gold in Canada.

COBRA was formed by Karel Appel, Constant, Corneille, Christian Dotremont, Asger Jorn, and Joseph Noiret on the 8th November 1948 in the Café Notre-Dame, Paris, with the signing of a manifesto, ""La Cause Était Entendue"" ("The Case Was Settled"), drawn up by Dotremont. Formed with a unifying doctrine of complete freedom of colour and form, as well as antipathy towards surrealism, the artists also shared an interest in Marxism as well as modernism.
Their working method was based on spontaneity and experiment, and they drew their inspiration in particular from children’s drawings, from primitive art forms and from the work of Paul Klee and Joan Miró.
Coming together as an amalgamation of the Dutch group Reflex, the Danish group Høst and the Belgian Revolutionary Surrealist Group, the group only lasted a few years but managed to achieve a number of objectives in that time; the periodical "Cobra", a series of collaborations between various members called "Peintures-Mot" and two large-scale exhibitions.
The first of these was held at the Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam, November (1949), the other at the Palais des Beaux-Arts in Liège (1951).
In November 1949 the group officially changed its name to 'Internationale des Artistes Expérimentaux' with membership having spread across Europe and the USA, although this name has never stuck. The movement was officially disbanded in 1951, but many of its members remained close, with Dotremont in particular continuing collaborations with many of the leading members of the group.

Philip J. Fry became disappointed that he still delivers pizza as of December 31st, 1999. He was supposed to deliver pizza and beer to someone named I.C. Weiner at the cryogenic lab. He believed it was a prank call and accidentally got in a cryopod. He stayed in there until it opened on December 31st, 2999. Fry realized that he woke up on the future. He met a one eyed woman named Leela who did a DNA test on him that he has a living descendent named Professor Hubert Farnsworth. Fry was given a career assignment to be a delivery boy, to his frustration. He ran away and checked out the streets of New New York. Fry saw what he believed is a phone booth and met a robot named Bender. They went inside and Fry learned it was a Suicide Booth that kills people who don't want to live. Fry and Bender avoided the weapons and left the Suicide Booth. They went to a bar. Bender explained to Fry that he's a suicidal drinker and wants to go to another booth. Fry wants Bender to stay with him. They went to the Head Museum, a museum of celebrities' living heads including Leonard Nimoy. Leela spotted the two and Bender accidentally broke the presidential head jars, specifically Richard Nixon. At a hidden room, Bender was told to bend girders so he and Fry can escape Leela. They went to the sewers, home of the ruins of Old New York. Leela came to the two and quit her job as a police officer. The three go to Planet Express and meet Professor Farnsworth. They are hunted down by the police and Richard Nixon's head. The four took off on the spaceship as the new year begins. Farnsworth decided to hire the three for Planet Express, to Fry's joy.

Overwintering Monarchs in Mexico are often eaten by black-headed grosbeaks. These birds are immune to the glycoside. Other birds, such as orioles and jays, have learned to eat only the thoracic muscles and the body parts inside the abdomen. These parts have less poison than the rest of the body. Some mice are also immune to large amounts of the poison. Over time, overwintering monarchs become less poisonous. This makes them more likely to be eaten by predators. In Mexico, about 14% of the overwintering Monarchs are eaten by birds and mice.
On Oahu, Hawaii, there is a white form of the Monarch. This is because two species of birds have been introduced. The two birds are known as the red-vented bulbul and the red-whiskered bulbul. They were introduced in 1965 and 1966. They are now the most common insectivorous birds. They are probably the only birds that eat insects as big as the monarch. Monarchs in Hawaii have low cardiac glycoside levels, but the birds may be immune to the chemical. The two bird species eat the caterpillars and sometimes the chrysalids. They look for them on branches and the underside of leaves in milkweed bushes. The birds also eat resting adults and egg-laying females. They eat flying monarchs less often. The white form has a higher chance of living than the orange one. The white form does not fit the birds' search image of a normal monarch, and so it is not eaten. This kind of defense is known as apostatic selection. The white form is also camouflaged in patches of light shining through groups of leaves.

The Christian Bible is a collection of 66 books. The first 39 books are the Old Testament. It is the first part of the God's story of salvation. "Salvation" is God's long work of saving us from our sins. "Sin" is what happened when people decided to live their own way instead of God's way in the world that God created. That was when God began His great work of saving us from our sins.
To prepare the way, God had to destroy the whole world by a great flood, except for the family of Noah. Then God raised up a new people for Himself. They were the ancient Hebrews. God promised the Hebrews they would bring His salvation to the whole world.
The first five books of the Old Testament are mostly the story of how God chose the ancient Hebrews and taught them his laws. Following these are the twelve books that tell the history of the Hebrews. The next five are books of poetry and wisdom. One of these five books, the "Psalms", is a book of songs showing mainly how God wants to be worshiped.
The last seventeen books of the Old Testament were written by Hebrew prophets. These books tell about God's disappointment with the ancient Hebrews and His promise to bring them back to friendship with Him. The prophets also foretell a great surprise God was planning for the world-He was going to send His very own Son, the Messiah (the "Anointed One"), the Saviour, to save us from our sins.
You can read about this Messiah in the New Testament.
In the Old Testament, Tanakh was mostly written in Hebrew; a few parts were written in Aramaic. This part of the Bible is considered to be holy by Jews as well as Christians.

OMG Tour was a concert tour. It was the third one by American recording artist Usher. The tour, which visited North America, Asia, Europe and Australia, accompanies his sixth studio album, "Raymond v. Raymond" (2010), as well as his first extended play, "Versus" (2010). In late 2011, the tour was ranked seventh on Billboard's annual, "Top 25 Tours", earning nearly $75 million from 73 shows.
In the summer of 2010, Usher competed in a dance battle against fellow R&B artist Chris Brown at the Reggae Sumfest. The battle sparked an Internet buzz about the two possibly going on tour. This was further pushed by producer Jermaine Dupri alluding that the two artists may not be aware of this upcoming tour. The singers later took to Twitter to ask who the fans would like to see them perform with. On September 8, 2010, the singer announced his tour trip (and revealed that he was going solo) across North America. Due to demand many additional stops were added in Europe and Australasia. It is Usher's first arena tour since The Truth Tour in 2004. Introducing the tour, Usher said, "Live performance has always been my thing. It's my purpose to master and capture the moment every time I have you connected. For me, I wanted to make sure that it was state of the art. I wanted to make sure that, in comparison to the other shows that are going on around the world, you get the type of experience that leave you saying, 'OMG.' [...] The look of the tour, it's a little futuristic but enough to capture your attention and leave you saying, 'OMG.' That's the whole point. With an incredible record, I wanted to also leave a great impression.

Consider a group having the following eight numbers:
These eight numbers have the average (mean) of 5:
To calculate the population standard deviation, first find the difference of each number in the list from the mean. Then square the result of each difference:
Next, find the average of these values (sum divided by the number of numbers). Last, take the square root:
The answer is the population standard deviation. The formula is only true if the eight numbers we started with are the whole group. If they are only a part of the group picked at random, then we can obtain an unbiased "estimate" of what the population standard deviation is by dividing by instead of in the bottom (denominator) of the formula above. Then the answer is the (bias-corrected) sample standard deviation. This is called the Bessel's Correction. We often use this correction because the sample variance, i.e., the square of the sample standard deviation, is an unbiased estimator of the population variance, in other words, the expected value or long-run average of the sample variance equals the population (true) variance. However, it is not the case that the sample standard deviation is an unbiased estimator of the population standard deviation. Although Bessel's correction is an unbiased estimate of the variance, this estimate does have a higher mean square error than the biased estimate, or in other words, the biased estimate (that is, dividing by "n" rather than "n-1") is on average closer to the true value.

David Austin French (born January 24, 1969) is an American political commentator and former attorney. He has had high profile religious liberty cases French worked for National Review. French was once President of a group called the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education. French defended an Arab University Professor who was fired for saying "Death to Israel" on the grounds that hatred of Israel was not a good enough reason to fire someone. Then a woman named Bari Weiss made a documentary called Columbia Unbecoming accusing several professors at Columbia University of anti-Semitism. The New York Civil Liberties Union accused Weiss of being opposed to allowing Professors to have their rights to their own opinions saying that a student should only challenge a professor's opinion if the professor allows them to. Weiss then wrote to David French, President of the Foundation for Individual Rights In Education asking if this were true. French came to Weiss's defence saying that Professors were allowed to have their opinions about Israel, but that Weiss was not saying that they could not, only that students were also allowed to have their own opinions about it, that yes professors could choose what they wanted to talk about but that no students did not need their professors' permission to disagree with what they said and that yes Bari Weiss had said she was angry about every Columbia Professor in the Middle East department being against Israel but that she wasn't saying that they should be fired for that only that Columbia should hire at least some teachers who were pro-Israel and that she was not telling the government that they should force Columbia to hire at least some pro-Israel professors but she was saying that Columbia should hire more pro-Israel professors.

Between 1998 and 2002 he lived in the city of Bath (United Kingdom), a period in which he worked as a screenwriter in several audiovisual companies. Previously (in 1994) he spent eight months in the United States. His knowledge of the cultural reality in these two Anglo-Saxon countries brought him into contact with the two subjects he deals with most in his books: Social Reality and Critical History. He returned to Spain in 2002, to dedicate himself to writing historical essay books, among them, "El Conocimiento secreto: Los entresijos de las sociedades secretas" and "Los hijos del Edén: toda la verdad sobre la Atlántida." He made trips to Italy and France (until 2007 and 2008), compiling for 10 years a large amount of documentation on the life and work of Leonardo da Vinci . As a result of this research, he published the book: "Leonardo: los años perdidos", and later "El viaje secreto de Leonardo da Vinci" and "Los mensajes ocultos de Leonardo da Vinci" .
Helena R. Olmo quotes him in her article on the tomb of Gioconda. The television presenter and writer Christian Gálvez quotes him in his novel about Leonardo. Jesús Ángel Sánchez Rivera alludes to his "picturesque" theses in a work entitled "Seguir la corriente o navegar sobre las olas", published in the magazine Clio: History and History Teaching. He was a contributor to the magazine "Más allá de la Ciencia", in which he specializes in articles with historical content. He is also the author of the two books in the series "Temas de Historia Occulta".

Bernini had a great idea for Bramante's great big piers. He had four hollow "niches" carved into them where four huge statues could stand. The basilica owns some precious relics: a piece of the True Cross of Jesus, a veil that a woman wiped the face of Jesus with, while he was carrying the cross, the spear that was used to pierce Jesus side, and the bones of St. Andrew, the brother of St. Peter. No-one knows for sure whether these things are real or not, but for hundreds of years they have been precious. Bernini's plan was the make four marble statues of the four Holy people: St. Helena who found the cross, St. Longinus who was the soldier with the spear, St Veronica who wiped Jesus' face and St. Andrew. (See below)
Bernini's next job was to make a special throne out of bronze, to hold an ancient wood and ivory throne that had been at the basilica for more than 500 years. It is called the "Cattedra Petri" or "throne of St. Peter". The bronze throne, with the old wooden throne inside it, is held up high at the end of the basilica, by four important saints who are called "Doctors of the Church" because they were all great writers and teachers. The statues are made of bronze. They are Saints Ambrose and Augustine for the Church of Rome and Saints Athanasius and John Chrysostum for the Orthodox Church. Above the chair is a window which is made not from glass but thin translucent stone called alabaster. The Dove of the Holy Spirit is in the middle of the window with rays of light spreading out into the basilica through a sculpture of golden clouds and angels. Bernini designed this to look like a window into Heaven. There was a great celebration when the chair was put in place on January 16, 1666.

The following day, Boog witnesses the hunters coming, and sends a signal to the animals by flinging one of the mule deers of the herd in the air. Elliot receives the signal and sends out the ducks, who are carrying skunks, into the air, causing stinky green air to flow around the forest. Meanwhile, Elliot and the squirrels ride on the mule deers and charge. On the other side, Boog and the other animals charge too, causing a big rampage. The ducks drop a tank of gas (called "Mr. Happy" by McSquizzy) onto one of the hunters trucks, but it goes out, so McSquizzy flings some dynamite into the air, and all the trucks blow up, and the hunters all run away. All the animals start celebrating. Suddenly, Shaw appears, and attempts to kill Boog with his gun, but Elliot shoots things that they had stolen from the RV. One of the objects hits the gun, and the gun falls out of reach. Shaw then proceeds to attack Boog with his hunting knife. Boog beats him with a golf club Elliot had shot. Shaw, within reaching distance of his gun, grabs it, and attempts to shoot Boog. Elliot takes the bullet meant for Boog, enraging Boog who tackles Shaw, roars loudly in his face, then ties him up with his own gun. Boog finds that Elliot survived the wound, only losing his second antler in the fight. Beth returns to take Boog back home where he will be safe, but he instead stays with his friends. They both realize that the bear "is" at home in the forest. Earlier, the animals attack Shaw, pouring honey and putting feathers on Shaw. Finally, Shaw is free and with panic runs into the forest.

Two years into his incumbency on Exmoor the murder of Anna Maria Burgess, aged 6, took place. She died at the hand of her father, William Burgess, who gave out the story that Anna had gone to live with her grandmother in Porlock Weir. Thornton checked with the grandmother, who confirmed that she had not seen the child. Without a body Thornton could prove nothing but Burgess fled. Thornton personally rode into Wales, where he had tracked him down. He brought him back, and had him held in Exford whilst he awaited permission from the authorities to drain the flooded, and defunct, Wheal Eliza mine, a mile and a half along the Barle Valley from Simonsbath village. Local rumour had it that lights had been seen over the mineshaft and sheep-stealers had found an empty grave upon the moor. It took until the October for permission to be granted to pump the shaft and, in the November, a local young man volunteered to be lowered down it. 360 feet down he found a bundle and, when it was recovered to the surface, Thornton unwrapped it to discover the remains of the child. Burgess was tried at Taunton Assizes, found guilty of the murder, and sentenced to hang. Thornton was his parish priest, and was conscious of his responsibility in that regard, so he visited Burgess in prison and heard his confession. Burgess then also confessed to being responsible for an arson attack at a local farm some years previously. This had resulted in three deaths. Thornton visited the other two Burgess children, working in service and told them of their sister’s death at the hands of their father. He tried to persuade them to see Burgess, but they refused. Burgess shook his hand before he died.

The day after Chapter 1 takes place, it is discovered that when Kris pulled out the knife, they had eaten an entire pie rather than committing homicide. Kris and Susie go back to school, and Kris sleeps for the entire class. They meet up with Susie outside of the classroom after class and revisit the Dark World, after being invited to study in the library by Noelle. Confused, Susie asks where everyone is, so Ralsei has Kris get all the stuff from the abandoned classroom into the closet. After doing this, Castle Town becomes populated. When Kris goes to leave, Susie complains about the group project, only to have Ralsei banish them until they start it. Lancer and Rouxls Kaard enter the Kris' Key Items, and they set off for the library. When they go there, they enter the computer lab and find another dark world. There, they reunite with Ralsei, and meet Queen. They then see Noelle captured by Queen, and end up playing against Queen in an arcade game similar to Punch-Out!!. After doing that, the group explores Cyber Field and meets the Sweet Captain Cakes, a band and resistance force against Queen. It is revealed that they thought that you were helping Queen capture Noelle. This leads to the first boss fight of the game. After that, you go to a roller coaster where you fight your classmate Berdly, who allied with Queen. After beating Berdly, you fall into a pile of trash. You split off from the rest of the party, and meet Noelle, who joins you. After getting up to either funny antics avoiding Queen or committing mass murder, you get in Queen's car to help her look for Noelle, who is disguised and also in the car. You face a traffic jam, and you split off to make a detour to clear it up. But first, you end up fighting Spamton, a deranged car salesman.

In Geneva, Calvin mainly wanted to make a "collège", a school for children. A place to build the school was chosen on March 25, 1558. The school was opened on June 5, 1559. It was divided into two parts. One part was a grammar school, which was called the "collège" or "schola privata". The other part was an advanced school, the "académie" or "schola publica". In five years there were 1,200 students in the grammar school and 300 in the advanced school. The "collège" later became the Collège Calvin, one of the college preparatory schools of Geneva. The "académie" became the University of Geneva.
In autumn 1558, Calvin became ill with a fever. He was afraid he might die before finishing his last revision of the "Institutes", which made him force himself to work. The last edition became much longer and so Calvin called it a new work. It was 21 chapters in the second-last edition. However, in the last one, there were 80 since he put more detail in the material that was already there, but he did not really add more subjects. He became better, but he soon strained his voice while he was preaching. That made him cough violently. He had burst a blood vessel in his lungs. His health became much worse after this. He preached his last sermon in St. Pierre on February 6, 1564. On April 25, he made his will in which he left a little money to his family and to the "collège". A few days later, the ministers of the church came to visit him. He died on May 27 of septicaemia. The goodbye is recorded in "Discours d'adieu aux ministres".

In her novel "Pratibandi", Sarojini has also described the development of sexuality in a woman. Priyanka, the protagonist of the novel has to encounter the loneliness in the exile of Saragpali, a remote village of India. This loneliness develops into a sexual urge and soon Priyanka finds herself sexually attached with a former Member of Parliament. Though there is an age gap between them, his intelligence impresses her and she discovers a hidden archaeologist in him. Sarojini has painted successfully the difference of sensibility towards sexuality among male and female. Sarojini has her own credibility for the frankness to deals with the sensitive matters either it may be in politics or in sexuality. She has gained a reputation and has her own place in the history of Oriya fiction. Her novel "Gambhiri Ghara" describes an unusual relationship between two people, a Hindu house wife of India and a Muslim artist of Pakistan. It is a net oriented novel. A woman meets a very sexually experienced man. One day he asks if she had any such experience. The woman, Kuki, scolds him and insults him by calling him a caterpillar. She said without love lust is like hunger of a caterpillar. Gradually they become involved with love, lust and spiritually. That man considers her as his daughter, lover, mother, and above all these as a Goddess. They both madly love each other, through the internet and on the phone. They use obscene language; they kiss each other online. Kuki does not lead a happy conjugal life though she has a love marriage with Aniket. The novel is not limited to only a love story. It has a greater aspect. It deals with the relationship between the State and individual. Safique, who is not a Muslim by temperament, and as a historian, thinks the Pakistan of today has separated itself from its roots and looks towards Arabian legends for his history. He protests that the syllabus of history for the school should start from seventh century AD, not from the Mahenjodaro and Harappa. This broad Safique was once arrested after the bomb blast of London for allegation of being associated with the terrorist. But is it a true fact? Later Kuki came to know that Safiques is trapped by a military junta. The ex-lover of Tabassum had revenge on Safique by arresting him with an allegation of terrorism.

Multiple kelp species often co-exist within a forest; the term understory canopy refers to the stipitate and prostrate kelps. For example, a "Macrocystis" canopy may extend many meters above the seafloor towards the ocean surface, while an understory of the kelps "Eisenia" and "Pterygophora" reaches upward only a few meters. Beneath these kelps, a benthic assemblage of foliose red algae may occur. The dense vertical structure with overlying canopy forms a system of microenvironments similar to those observed in a terrestrial forest, with a sunny canopy region, a partially shaded middle, and darkened seafloor. Each guild has associated organisms, which vary in their levels of dependence on the habitat, and the assemblage of these organisms can vary with kelp morphologies. For example, in California, "Macrocystis pyrifera" forests, the nudibranch, "Melibe leonina", and skeleton shrimp, "Caprella californica," are closely associated with surface canopies; the kelp perch "Brachyistius frenatus", rockfish "Sebastes" spp., and many other fishes are found within the stipitate understory; brittle stars and turban snails "Tegula" spp. are closely associated with the kelp holdfast, while various herbivores, such as sea urchins and abalone, live under the prostrate canopy; many seastars, hydroids, and benthic fishes live among the benthos; solitary corals, various gastropods, and echinoderms live over the encrusting coralline algae. In addition, pelagic fishes and marine mammals are loosely associated with kelp forests, usually interacting near the edges as they visit to feed on resident organisms.

Beethoven continued to write compositions: a Violin Concerto, symphonies, piano concertos, string quartets and chamber music. Two of his greatest symphonies were produced in 1806: "Symphony No. 5" and "Symphony No. 6 "Pastorale"". The first one was known for its dark and deep tone, especially in its first movement. The second was famous for its depiction of the countryside. He also wrote "Piano Concerto No. 4" and "Piano Concerto No. 5 "Emperor"". He earned money by pleasing the aristocrats, dedicating works to them in return for fees, and by selling his music to publishers. Occasionally he earned money from concerts. It was not a regular income. He would have liked the job of Kapellmeister to the emperor. He was not able to get this, but in 1809 three rich aristocrats: the Archduke Rodolph, Prince Lobkowitz and Prince Kinsky gave him an income for the rest of his life on condition that he stayed in Vienna. This meant that Beethoven did not have to worry so much about money. He was asked to write music for "Egmont", a play by Goethe. The overture is very often performed as a concert piece. Beethoven very much wanted to meet Goethe. The two great men met in Teplitz. Goethe later described Beethoven as a rather wild-mannered man who made life difficult for himself by his cross attitude to the world. Beethoven admired several women, including one to whom he wrote a passionate letter. She is known as the “Immortal Beloved”, but no one knows who she was. Beethoven seems to have become deeply depressed because he never found true happiness in love.

Back in Paris, George tracks down Jacques Marquet to the Hagenmeyer clinic. Posing as a doctor George gains access to Marquet's ward and finds him suffering from serious wounds. Marquet reveals he has hired Flap and Guido to steal the tripod from the Crune Museum. Another doctor soon intercedes and George exits. Soon, Marquet's ECG machine goes haywire, prompting security to bust open the door. They discover Marquet has been suffocated and the bogus doctor has escaped. George then asks Nico's old colleague, Andre Lobineau at the Crune Museum for his help with the manuscript. He also reveals Montfaucon is a place in Paris. George hides in an Egyptian sarcophagus until nightfall when Flap and Guido attempt to steal the tripod. George is successful in distracting them until he loses consciousness, when another unidentified thief breaks through the skylight and steals the tripod. Back at Nico's, Nico reveals she herself was the thief and gives George the tripod. George goes to Montfaucon and enters the sewers, where he discovers a secret meeting of important people including a Nobel Prize winner George met at the hotel, claiming to be the Templars. They discuss that they are looking for the Sword of Baphomet and that one of them, Klausner has gone to Syria to get a lens. George deduces that Plantard and Peagram were members of this organisation as well. The player also assumes Carchon was involved too. As they leave, George uses the tripod and gem, which splits a beam of light and lights up letters spelling 'Marib'. Nico explains Marib is a village in Syria.

In a series of battles fought all across Northumbria, Oswiu kept being pushed back until he reached the far north of his kingdom. When Osiwu wanted peace, Penda took Oswiu's son Ecgfrith as a hostage. Oswiu also made an offer of tribute to Penda if he would bring an end to the hostilities. According to Nennius, Oswiu gave Penda all the treasure he had which Penda gave to his Briton allies. But Bede claims Penda turned down the offer of treasure as tribute. Penda took his army and left Bernicia. It was at this point, according to Bede, that Oswiu with a much smaller force attacked Penda's army. He caught up with Penda on the banks of the flooded Winwaed river. Some of Penda's allies deserted him and decided not to fight. But probably catching Penda's main force by surprise Oswiu's army fell upon the Mercians without mercy. Penda and most of the leaders of his 'thirty legions' were killed. Also killed with Penda was king Aethelhere of East Anglia. One of those who also withdrew and did not engage in the battle was Oswiu's nephew, King Athelwald of Deira. He had guided Penda through Northumbria and been his ally against his to dominance had a major impact in 7th century England. Athelwald was either killed or went into exile. From this time Oswiu became the or overlord over all the southern English people including Mercia. Mercia was then divided. North of the River Trent was controlled directly by Oswiu. He made Peada of Mercia, Penda's son, king over the part of Mercia south of the Trent. Peada had married Oswiu's daughter, Alflaed. Peada was murdered five months later by Alflaed, possibly on Oswiu's orders. Mercians rebelled against Oswiu and Peada's brother Wulfhere became king of Mercia.

In August 2014, after nine years of litigation by Robert Soto (Vice-chairman of the Lipan Apache Tribe of Texas) and other plaintiffs against the U.S. Department of Interior (DOI), the Fifth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals found that the seizure of 50 eagle feathers during a 2006 Lipan Apache pow wow violated Robert Soto's rights as a "sincere adherent to an American Indian religion" under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA) of 1993. They concluded that Congress did not specifically aim to safeguard the religious rights solely of federally recognized tribe members. The Court accepted that he was "without dispute an [American] Indian" and a member of the Lipan Apache Tribe acknowledged to have "long historical roots" in Texas and who had a history of "government-to-government" relationships with the Republic of Texas, State of Texas, and the United States. The opinion discussed and was limited only to "Soto's RFRA claim based on his and his tribe's status". They remanded to the lower district court for proceedings consistent with their opinion, and the case was cabined to "Native American co-religionists" (referring to the "religious practices of real Native Americans"). The DOI and the plaintiffs settled the case on June 3, 2016. Through the settlement, the DOI granted lifetime permits to over 400 Native Americans plaintiffs who were not members of federally recognized tribes to "possess, carry, use, wear, give, loan, or exchange among other Indians, without compensation, all federally protected birds, as well as their parts or feathers" for their "Indian religious use", in accordance to "the terms set forth in the DOI's February 5, 1975 'Morton Policy'". The case was officially closed on February 17, 2017.

His parents were Sovetian National players, so they trained Dima in his childhood. 2005 he got into the Bundesleague. His best moment came first at the Olympics 2008 in Beijing, in the singles he lost very early but with the German team he came to the final, were they lost to China. But in thiy year he won for the first time the European Championships. At the World Championships (this was the first of him) Ovtcharov reached the Round of 16, where he met his teammate Timo Boll, so he lost to him. At the German National Championships he lost very just to Bastian Steger. Also he won the Brazilian Open, where Dima doesn't give up a set. 2012 he took part in the Olympic Games again, where he won with the team bronze. He lost his match against Ma Long. In the singles Ovtcharov beat Michael Maze in the Quarterfinals, in the 3rd place match he met Chuang Chih-Yuan an beat him. At the European Championships he lost in the singles in the Quarterfinals but won together with Wladimir Samsonow the bronzemedal. In this year he was voted as the player of the year. 2013 he took part in the World Championships but lost again- this time in the Round of 16. In this year he became for the first time European Champion and won the third place at the World Cup- in the match he beat Timo Boll. At March 2014 he became German Champion, at the WTTTC they won after 2010 and 2012 for the third time the silvermedal. 2015 Ovtcharov took part in the WTTC, where he lost again- this time in the second round already. At the European Championships he won silver with the team and the goldmedal at the Europe Games in the singles. 2016 he took part in the Olympics, where he met the Quarterfinals, there he lost to Wladimir Samsonow despite a 2:0 leading. The World Cup and the European Championships ending very early, too. This was not a good year of Ovtcharov, because his grandmother ia death and had to spend lots of time of his child. 2017 he won the Europe-Top three times. 2018 lost early at the German Open, but won the World Team Cup and the 2nd place at te WTTTC with th team.

Following the murders of the three men, Rodger discarded his blood-drenched clothes and made his way to Starbucks. There, he purchased a triple-vanilla latte. Less than two hours after his Starbucks visit, and minutes before his attack, Rodger uploaded a video on YouTube called "Elliot Rodger's Retribution" and emailed his 137-page manifesto to 34 people, including his parents, friends, and therapists. In the video, Rodger is seen sitting in his BMW during a sunset, reciting scripted lines and letting out fake laughs. Rodger explained in the video that he was frustrated that he was still a virgin at 22, that he would "punish" women for rejecting him, and hated sexually active men. Upon receiving a call from Linderman to check what her son had sent, Rodger's mother hurriedly checked the email, discovering his manifesto. Alarmed by its contents and subsequently locating Rodger's "Retribution" video online, she promptly contacted Rodger's father, and they swiftly set off toward Isla Vista while alerting the authorities. Meanwhile, Rodger proceeded to the Alpha Phi sorority house, attempting to gain entry by knocking on the door for three minutes. Foiled in his attempt, he retreated to his car, where he opened fire from an open window at three women returning to their Delta Delta Delta sorority house. The victims were 19-year-old Veronika Weiss, 22-year-old Katherine Cooper, and 20-year-old Bianca DeKock. One person started giving Cooper CPR, while another tried to comfort Weiss by holding her head and talking to her, but both sorority sisters succumbed to their injuries. DeKock, in a call with her mother, was crying that she was going to die. A deputy arrived to provide aid to DeKock, applying pressure to her wounds, while a bystander continued to administer first aid when the deputy joined the pursuit of Rodger. A person told DeKock's mother that her daughter was going to survive.

On the following Raw, John Cena was paired with Michael Tarver. After their match, Cena attacked Tarver. Barrett said they were going to get rid of Tarver anyways. Cena said he would destroy Nexus from the inside but the mystery GM said that Cena was a member of Nexus now and he would either take orders from Barrett or be fired. During a #1 contender battle royal later that night, Barrett ordered Cena to eliminate himself when it came down to them. At Bragging Rights, Cena and Otunga won the WWE Tag Team Championship by defeating Cody Rhodes and Drew McIntyre. The rest of the Nexus also helped Kane defeat The Undertaker in a buried alive match later that night. Barrett defeated Randy Orton in the main event match for the WWE Championship by disqualification from John Cena which caused him not to win the championship. Slater and Gabriel won the Tag Team Championship on the next Raw when Barrett ordered Otunga to lie down and be pinned on purpose. Barrett also said that Michael McGillicutty and Husky Harris had become official member of Nexus. Cena defeated Orton in the main event match by disqualification from Barrett. Barrett was allowed to chose a special guest referee for his WWE Championship rematch against Orton at Survivor Series and he chose Cena. He said if Cena didn't make sure he won, Cena would be fired from the WWE but if Barrett did win, Cena would be able to leave the Nexus. Otunga led Harris, Slater, Gabriel and McGillicutty and they invaded SmackDown where they interrupted a match between Edge and Alberto Del Rio. They were defeated in the main event 10-man tag team match by Edge, Del Rio, Big Show, Kane and Kofi Kingston. Barrett wasn't happy with Otunga's decision to invade SmackDown and he forced Otunga to defend his spot in the group the next week. Otunga successfully defended his spot in the group when he defeated Edge in a lumberjack match, after an interference from Kane. Orton defeated Barrett at Survivor Series to keep his WWE Championship. Cena was later fired from the WWE and left Nexus.

On the day of the trial, Scout, Jem and Dill sneak into the amphitheater where they are having the hearing even though Atticus told them to stay home. They watch the trial on the porch with the colored people, they see Atticus but he doesn't see them. Atticus begins the trial politely and addresses the jury, Judge Taylor and the prosecutor in a well mannered way. Mayella Ewell and her father Bob Ewell are rash when Atticus shows more evidence and justification that Tom didn't do anything, rather it was Bob Ewell who hit his daughter when he found the pair together. Atticus creates an image of the Ewells for the jury, a family with no mother, an alcoholic father and 7 kids living in a small dilapidated house lacking many essentials. The Ewell’s don't have any defense rather than he said she said, but the jury still finds Tom guilty. Atticus leaves promptly after the trial and takes the kids with him, he is bitter but he does see light in the dark situation. He tells the kids that he's angry about what the verdict was, however the jury deliberated for a couple hours before reaching a decision. Normally when a black man was accused by a white man, the verdict would be guilty, no questions asked, in a matter of seconds. Atticus says today was a small step forward, the children are upset about the extreme racism that they witnessed especially Jem, who pukes at the thought of the situation. Jem asks his neighbour Miss Maudie how a world like this "could exist" and how they could treat a person like that. She tells him that it might seem at times the entire town is racist and evil, but there are always good people even when it seems everything is dark. She also reminds Jem that Judge Taylor chose Atticus for this case, because he also hopes to see some change in this town. Jem nods, and before he goes to sleep he tells Scout that he's beginning to understand why Boo Radley doesn't leave his house.

Abigail Williams ( 1680 or 1681disappeared 3 June 1692) was a girl who, along with her supposed relative Betty Paris, was one of the first people to falsely accuse her neighbors of performing witchcraft. The accusations eventually led to the foundation of the Salem witch trials. 
Abigail Williams was born 1680 or 1681. Her precise birth date and place is rather disputed. The names and identities of both of her biological parents are also rather disputed. It has been suggested she may have been a orphan, as she was adopted and lived with Samuel Parris and his daughter Betty Parris. Samuel and his daughter Betty might be Abigail's relatives, and it has been suggested that they might have been her uncle and cousin. She lived with Samuel and his daughter Betty in Salem Town, Massachusetts Bay Colony (in modern-day Salem, Massachusetts). Some modern-day scholars suggest she may have been Samuel's household servant. 
It is said that beginning in December 1691 or January 1692, Abigail Williams and her supposed relative Betty Paris began exhibiting signs of odd behavior. They ran around rooms with their hands high up, they tried to climb the roof of their house through the chimney, they screamed semmingly incontrollably, and began talking in strange voices. This is said to have continued for the next month or so. Eventually, Samuel Parris brought a physician to his house. The physician had Abigail and Betty examined and at first he believed they were psychologically ill. 
When he failed to diagnose them with a psychological disorder, which contained symptoms what Abigail and Betty had exhibited, he then believed they were bewitched and that witchcraft was performed on them. The town tried to the find the people who bewitched Abigail and Betty. They arrested the other people who lived in Samuel Parris' home: Sarah Good, Sarah Osbone, and Samuel Parris' slave Tituba.

The sweeper, also known as the libero, is a crucial position in association football. Unlike other defenders who have a specific opponent to mark, the sweeper is a more versatile centre-back who has the freedom to move around the defensive line and sweep up loose balls if an opponent manages to breach the defense.
The sweeper's role is to act as the last line of defense and provide cover for the other defenders. They are responsible for quickly identifying and reacting to any threats posed by the opposition and making crucial tackles or interceptions. The sweeper's ability to read the game and anticipate the opposition's moves is vital to the team's success.
The position of the sweeper is more fluid than that of other defenders, which allows them to play a more proactive role in building attacks from the back. This added flexibility means that the sweeper can also provide additional support to the midfield, making them a valuable asset to any team.
The sweeper position is often associated with the Italian style of play, and the term "libero" is derived from Italian, meaning "free." However, the position has been used by successful teams from all over the world, including the Brazilian national team of the 1970s.
The sweeper is a unique and important position in association football that requires a high level of skill and tactical awareness. A versatile player who can read the game and quickly react to any threats, the sweeper is an asset to any team looking to build a strong defense and launch effective counterattacks.

Born in the United States, he returned to Italy in the early fifties to open an atelier in Rome in the highly fashionable Via Veneto.
He was among the first great haute couture designers to compete with the most renowned French couturiers. In 1949 he was in Paris, called by Christian Dior for a stylistic collaboration. After that experience, Clark & Morland Ltd in London also called him to design a line of shoes.
Together with other names of the Italian fashion of the time such as Roberto Capucci, the Sartoria Antonelli, the atelier Carosa, Giovanelli Sciarra, Germana Marucelli, Polinober, the Sartoria Vanna and Jole Veneziani, he participated in 1952 in the first historical parade at the Sala Bianca in Palazzo Pitti in Florence. A very young Oriana Fallaci sent by the weekly Epoca told the news.
In 1953, together with other major names of the time (including Emilio Schuberth, the Sorelle Fontana, Alberto Fabiani, Giovannelli-Sciarra, Mingolini-Guggenheim, Eleonora Garnett and Simonetta), he founded the SIAM - Italian High Fashion Syndicate (later to become the National Chamber of Italian Fashion). In July 1954, together with the Sorelle Fontana, Emilio Schuberth, Giovannelli-Sciarra, Eleonora Garnett and Mingolini-Guggenheim he took part in "Alta Moda in Castel Sant'Angelo". On that occasion, the American Sally Kirkland, Fashion Editor of Life and of Vogue, was awarded for her role as ambassador of Italian fashion in the United States.
Defying the conventions of the time (it was in the early fifties), he is the first to show an afro-American girl in a fashion parade, the young model Dolores Francine Rhiney. His creations are worn by actresses and famous women of those years. Ingrid Bergman, Sandra Dee, Jennifer Jones, May Britt, Anna Magnani, Virna Lisi, Sylva Koscina, Luciana Angiolillo, Isabella Albonico, Eloisa Cianni, Lucia Bosè, Lilli Cerasoli, Ivy Nicholson, Loredana Pavone, Joe Patterson, Anna Maria Ghislanzoni, Marta Marzotto and a very young Elsa Martinelli are some of these.

We may bring that experience to the world of atomic-sized phenomena and incorrectly assume that if we measure the position of something like an electron as it moves along its trajectory it will continue to move along that same trajectory, which we imagine we can then accurately detect in the next few moments. We need to learn that the electron did not have a definite position before we located it, and that it also did not have a definite momentum before we measured the trajectory. Moreover, we may justifiably assume that a photon produced by a laser aimed at a detection screen will hit very near to its target on that screen, and confirm this prediction by any number of experiments. Next we will discover that the more closely we try to measure some location of the electron on its way toward the detection screen, the more it and all others like it will be likely to miss that target. So the mere act of measuring the location of an electron makes the trajectory more indefinite, indeterminate, or uncertain. If the trajectory were made more clear and then we were to try to locate that electron along an extension of the trajectory we just staked out, then we would find that the more precise we made our knowledge of the trajectory, the less likely we would be to find the electron where ordinary expectations would lead us to believe it to be. If pitchers threw electrons instead of baseballs, and an overhead camera and side-facing camera were placed somewhere between the pitcher's mound and home plate so that the exact position of the electron could be determined in mid flight, then without the cameras being turned on, the pitcher would throw straight balls, and with the cameras turned on his pitches would start out straight but gyrate wildly after their pictures were taken. The more clearly we know where the ball was halfway toward home place, the more trouble the batter will have in getting ready to hit it with his bat.

GoodBarber was born from the merger of two French software companies, DuoApps and WebzineMaker, It was founded in 2001, in Ajaccio (Corsica), by François-Sébastien Simoni and 3 associates (J. Pietri, P. Chiappe and F. Bernardini). At the beginnings, the GoodBarber's platform performed as generator of blogs in SaaS mode, websites and WebTVs. In 2011, DuoApps and WebzineMaker officially launched the native mobile application builder named GoodBarber in order to develop and market a technical solution to build native IOS and Android applications and Progressive Web apps, for content publishing and eCommerce shopping stores. Also used as content management system by some research organizations.
GoodBarber's technology is recognized among No-code development platforms, best known as App builders or App makers.
As a cross-platform software, the technical platform generate mobile applications compatibles for mobile phones for both Android and iOS and Progressive web application (PWA) mobile applications, accessible from the web through by a mobile browser.
In the same class of software, other noticeable companies are Appy Pie, AppSheet, BuildFire, Microsoft PowerApps, AppInstitute, Zoho.
Initially launched on the English and French markets, between 2013 and 2015 GoodBarber was enhanced to integrate Italian, Spanish, German, Portuguese and Turkish in its editor interfaces.
In April 2015, GoodBarber acquired Mougli, an online appointment platform for professionals
In December 2018, the companies WebzineMaker and DuoApps merged into a single entity under the name of GoodBarber.

Statistically speaking, elevators are extremely safe. Their safety record is unsurpassed by any other vehicle system. In 1998, it was estimated that approximately eight 100-millionths of one percent (1 in 12 million) of elevator rides resulted in an anomaly, and the vast majority of these were minor things such as the doors failing to open. For all practical purposes, there are no cases of elevators simply free-falling and killing the passengers inside; of the 20 to 30 elevator-related deaths each year, most of them are maintenance-related - for example, technicians leaning too far into the shaft or getting caught between moving parts, and most of the rest are attributed to easily avoidable accidents, such as people stepping blindly through doors that open into empty shafts or being strangled by scarves caught in the doors. In fact, prior to the September 11th terrorist attacks, the only known free-fall incident in a modern cable-borne elevator happened in 1945 when a B-25 bomber struck the Empire State Building in fog, severing the cables of an elevator cab, which fell from the 75th floor all the way to the bottom of the building, seriously injuring (though not killing) the sole occupant - the female elevator operator. While it is possible (though extraordinarily unlikely) for an elevator's cable to snap, all elevators in the modern era have been fitted with several safety devices which prevent the elevator from simply free-falling and crashing. An elevator cab is typically borne by six or eight hoist cables, each of which is capable on its own of supporting the full load of the elevator plus twenty-five per cent more weight. In addition, there is a device which detects whether the elevator is moving faster than its maximum designed speed; if this happens, the device causes bronze brake shoes to clamp down along the vertical rails in the shaft, stopping the elevator quickly, but not so abruptly as to cause injury. In addition, a hydraulic buffer is installed at the bottom of the shaft to cushion any impact somewhat.

Even with the addition of the chicanes, safety was a concern at the circuit. One of the biggest worries was the high-speed, flat-out "Tamburello" corner. Tamburello was very bumpy and had very little room between the track and a concrete wall. The wall protected a creek that ran behind the corner. In San Marino Grand Prix, Nelson Piquet had an accident at the corner during practice. He missed the race due to his injuries. In the San Marino Grand Prix, Gerhard Berger crashed his Ferrari at Tamburello after the front wing broke. The crash was so heavy, the monocoque (the driver's compartment) split open. The car caught fire. The firefighters and medical personnel went to work quickly. Because of fast response, Berger survived with only burns on his hands. Berger only missed one race, the Monaco Grand Prix. Other drivers, including Michele Alboreto and Riccardo Patrese also bad crashes at Tamburello corner. They escaped without serious injury.
In there were three serious accidents at Imola. During the Friday practice, Rubens Barrichello hit the fence at the Variante Bassa. It was a very hard crash and he was knocked unconscious for a few minutes. During the qualifying session on Saturday, Austrian Roland Ratzenberger crashed at the Villeneuve Corner. He hit a concrete barrier wall almost head-on and was received a very bad head injury. He was taken to the hospital, but died from injuries. In the race on Sunday, 3-time World Champion Ayrton Senna hit a concrete wall at Tamburello Corner. Senna was killed instantly. In two unrelated accidents, several spectators and mechanics were also injured during the race.

The team entered the next season with a new sponsor - the tobacco company Benson and Hedges, which sponsored Jordan until 2005 . Eddie Irvine left for Ferrari and was replaced by Martin Brundle, who moved from Ligier . The 1996 season Jordan once again finished 5th - this time with 22 points. The Irish team did not manage to win a place on the podium. In the 1997 season, the team's colors were changed to yellow and black (such colors remained until the end of Jordan's existence). The line-up has also completely changed - Brundle retired and Barrichello moved to Stewart . The new squad was formed by Giancarlo Fisichella and rookie - Ralf Schumacher . The best period in the history of the Irish team was beginning - although the team took 5th place in the constructors' classification (33 points), this time the drivers stood on the podium 3 times - once the younger of the Schumacher brothers, and twice Fisichella. The following season, the engines were changed to Mugen-Honda, and the Italian who left Benetton was replaced by the 1996 world champion, British Damon Hill, who joined the team from the very weak Arrows . He also won Jordan's first victory - in a rainy Belgian Grand Prix, mostly remembered for a huge crash at the start. Hill's partner, Ralf Schumacher, came second in this race. It was the only double win for the team. In addition, the younger Schumacher finished third at the Italian Grand Prix . Jordan finished the season in 4th place in the constructors' standings. Before the next season, Ralf Schumacher was replaced with Heinz-Harald Frentzen, who has been driving for the Frank Williams team so far. It turned out to be a good choice - the 1999 season turned out to be the best in the history of the team. The German fought Mikka Hakkinen and Eddie Irvin for the world championship for a long time. He stood on the podium 6 times, of which he won 2 times. Damon Hill was doing much worse this time - he scored only 7 points and ended his career after the season. Jordan Grand Prix, with 61 points on his account, took 3rd place in the constructors' standings of the 1999 season.

Traditional English renderings of Greek names originated from Roman systems that were established in antiquity. The Roman alphabet was a form of the Cumaean alphabet, which was itself developed from the Euboean script, which used as , as , and variant forms of and that later became L and S. When the Euboean script was used to write the classical Greek alphabet, ⟨κ⟩ was replaced with ⟨c⟩, ⟨αι⟩ and ⟨οι⟩ became ⟨æ⟩ and ⟨œ⟩, and ⟨ει⟩ and ⟨ου⟩ were simplified to ⟨i⟩ (more rarely, corresponding to an earlier pronunciation, to ⟨e⟩) and ⟨u⟩. Aspirated consonants like ⟨θ⟩, ⟨φ⟩, initial-⟨ρ⟩, and ⟨χ⟩ simply wrote out the sound: ⟨th⟩, ⟨ph⟩, ⟨rh⟩, and ⟨ch⟩. Because English orthography has changed so much from the original Greek, modern scholarly transliteration now usually renders ⟨κ⟩ as ⟨k⟩ and the diphthongs ⟨αι, οι, ει, ου⟩ as ⟨ai, oi, ei, ou⟩. Modern scholars also increasingly render ⟨χ⟩ as ⟨kh⟩. Greek sounds greatly changed, and Modern Greek sounds quite different from Ancient Greek. That also has had an influence on the terms used in English and other languages and had led to a number of different romanizations for names and placenames in the 19th and the 20th centuries. The Hellenic Organization for Standardization (ELOT) issued its system in co-operation with the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) in 1983. The system was adopted (with minor modifications) by the United Nations' Fifth Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names at Montreal in 1987, by the United Kingdom's Permanent Committee on Geographical Names for British Official Use (PCGN) and by the United States' Board on Geographic Names (BGN) in 1996, and by the ISO itself in 1997. Romanization of names for official purposes, as with passports and identity cards, were required to use the ELOT system within Greece until 2011, when a legal decision permitted Greeks to use irregular forms (such as "Demetrios" for ) provided that official identification and documents also list the standard forms (as, for example, "Demetrios OR Dimitrios"). Other romanization systems are the BGN/PCGN's earlier 1962 system and the system employed by the American Library Association and the United States' Library of Congress.

Shams convinced Rumi that at certain moments it was possible to commune directly with God: Rather than believers simply being interpreters of the word of God, they could experience his presence directly. 
The effect on Rumi was immediate: abandoning his familial and scholarly responsibilities he gave all his time to learning as much as possible from Shams. The mystic came and went without explanation, and vanished permanently in 1248. From then on, Rumi devoted himself to poetry, and he primarily wrote about the topic of love. His verses, inspired by Shams—more than 30,000 in all—were collected in a work that he called "Diwan-i Shams-i-Tabriz" ('The Divan of Shams of Tabriz'). Stylistically, Rumi favoured the well established, "ghazal," a traditional Persian meter of up to twelve rhyming lines; and to a lesser extent, the "Rubai" quartrain form.
Rumi seems to have been permanently engaged in a search of divine inspiration and love. He saw and found his 'Muse' in various human and natural aspects of existence. After the "Divan" he completed his great masterpiece or "magnum opus", the "Mathnavi-i Ma'navi" ('The Mathnavi/Treatise Devoted to the Intrinsic Meaning of All Things'), which was dictated in its entirety to his student Hissam-ud-din Chelebi over the course of many years.
Although there had been a substantial Islamic mystical tradition prior to Rumi, his poetry transformed both thinking and ritual about it. For example, the famous centripetal dance of the dervishes - the "sema" ritual - is said to have its inspiration in Rumi's own movements around a pole in his garden as he mourned for his companion Shams. In time, these actions were adapted into Sufic practise by Rumi and then handed down to his favoured disciples who institutionalized them into the activities of the Mevlevi Order that they founded in their Master's honour.

The American botanist Joseph Rock saw the fighting between the Hui Muslim warlord Ma Qi and the Tibetan Buddhist of Labrang monastery. Even more brutal fighting broke out when war between Zhang Zuolin's Fengtian clique happened against the Guominjun warlord Feng Yuxiang in 1925, autumn. The position of Gansu governor was taken by Feng Yuxiang. Only Muslim warlords were left after many of the non-Muslim warlords were expelled by Liu Yufen's Guominjun army of 15,000 soldiers as acting governor under Feng Yuxiang. A huge amount of taxes were squeezed for Feng by Liu Yufen after an earthquake and famine brought about by drought. The in Hezhou a revolt against Liu Yufen was led in Liangzhou by Hui Muslim warlord Ma Tingxing (son of Ma Anliang) in 1928, Spring. Hui, Dongxiang and Salar Muslims were recruited to also siege Hezhou in the army of 10,000 by Ma Zhongying, who was related to Ma Qi. Ma Zhongying's Muslim soldiers were starving and numbered 25,000 by November so that attacked the Tao river valley in the south, slaughtering Tibetan Buddhist monks, burning the palace of the Tibetan Tusi chief king Yang Jiqing, sacking the Tibetan city of Chone and defeated Yang Jiqing's 3,000 strong Tibetan militia. Tibetan areas all across southern Gansu were laid waste to. Tibetan militias defeated Taozhou from Ma Tingxing. The Tibetans inflicted heavy casualties upon Ma Tingxian so he supposed Ma Zhongying's Muslim forces and together they ravaged and destroyed the Taozhou-Chone region destroying and burning Tibetan areas. The Muslims burned the printing presses and temple of the Tibetan Buddhists in Chone. The Muslims then looted the gompa and massacred the Tibetan Buddhist monks of the Labrang monastery after fleeting from Liu Yufen in January 1929. 2 million died in the war as villages and towns across Gansu's south and east were destroyed during the war when Ma Zhongying was fighting as Feng Yuxiang attacked him. The Chone temple and palaces were rebuilt by the Tibetan Tusi chief king Yang Jiqing after the 1928-1929 war. The rebellion was put down by Feng Yuxiang and Gansu became peaceful again until the 1935 when the communist Long March came.

Lohan's parents are Dina Lohan and Michael Lohan, both of whom are of Irish and Italian descent. She has a sister named Ali Lohan. Lindsay Dee Lohan was born in The Bronx borough of New York City, on July 02,1986, to Dina Lohan and Michael Lohan. She began her career at age three as a Ford model, and also made appearances in over sixty television commercials, including spots for The Gap, Pizza Hut, Wendy's, and Jell-O (opposite Bill Cosby). Lohan made her acting debut in 1996 as the third actress to play Ali Fowler in the television drama Another World (1964). Shortly afterward she was hand-picked by Oscar-nominated writer Nancy Meyers as estranged twin sisters in an adaptation by Walt Disney Pictures of a novel by Erich Kästner, which marked Meyers' directorial debut. Lohan's first feature movie, The Parent Trap (1998), a remake of The Parent Trap (1961), was a modest commercial success, earning her widespread critical acclaim and a Young Artist Award for Best Leading Young Actress in a Feature movie, as well as Blockbuster Entertainment and YoungStar award nominations. After signing a three-movie contract with Disney, she returned to the small screen to star in the made-for-TV movies The Wonderful World of Disney: Life-Size (2000) (opposite Tyra Banks) and Get a Clue (2002) (opposite Bug Hall). She also appeared as Rose in the pilot episode of the short-lived comedy series Bette (2000), which starred Bette Midler. In June 2001 Lohan took a brief hiatus from acting. Her music career was launched over a year later, when Estefan Enterprises made a five-album production deal with her in September 2002, and she signed a recording contract with the reactivated Casablanca Records.

The beginning of Allison was a tropical wave that moved off of Africa on May 21. The wave moved all the most across the Atlantic and Caribbean Sea. It crossed South America and entered the Pacific Ocean. The wave crossed over southern Mexico and entered the Gulf of Mexico. The wave moved north until June 4, where it became Tropical Storm Allison. It skipped being a tropical depression while forming. On the same day Allison reached her top winds, which were at 60 mph. Allison weakened down to 50 mph winds. 
On June 5 Allison made landfall in Freeport, Texas with winds at 50 mph. Allison quickly weakened to a depression. Allison moved very slowly until Allison reached Lufkin, Texas. Allison moved very slowly back to the Gulf of Mexico. Allison did not reach the Gulf of Mexico until June 9. Dry air caused Allison to become a subtropical depression. On June 11 Allison made landfall in Louisiana without becoming a tropical depression or tropical storm. Clouds moved close to the center of Allison and Allison became a subtropical storm, while over Louisiana. Allison quickly weakened back to a subtropical depression. Allison moved northeast of the United States until June 15, where it moved very slowly over North Carolina and curved north. Allison finally reached the Atlantic on June 17. While Allison was south of Long Island, New York for just a little while it became a subtropical storm again. Also on June 17 Allison quickly started dying and Allison became extratropical. The remains completely died off near Newfoundland on June 20.

On June 9, 1862, the last of the six battles of Jackson's Valley Campaign was fought at Port Republic, Virginia. Jackson had arrived in the area after dark on June 7. The next day he learned that Frémont's Union forces had been prevented from joining those of General James Shields at Cross Keys. Early in the morning of June 9, Jackson's forces used a makeshift bridge to cross over the South River in Virginia. Union general Erastus B. Tyler placed artillery batteries on a ridge covering the front of the Union position. When Jackson arrived he ordered an assault across the wheat field without taking the time to organize his forces. He had also not made a reconnaissance to find out what Union forces were there and how they were placed. The Stonewall Brigade led the Confederate charge. As they moved forward they came under heavy attack from Tyler's artillery batteries. Jackson sent Richard Taylor's Louisiana brigade on a flank attack against the Union artillery. But the Union gunners saw the flank attack developing and pinned down the Confederates with artillery fire. Jackson knew he had to break through the Union line before Frémont could join Shields. While Jackson was trying to find a way to solve the problem, Ewell's men arrived from Cross Keys. Ewell immediately saw the problem and he attacked the Union left flank. This gave the Stonewall Brigade time to regroup. Confederate artillery batteries opened up on the Union front. This caused the Union line to break and fall back in retreat. This last victory gave Jackson control of the upper and middle Shenandoah Valley.

It starts with an old woman telling a story about snow to her granddaughter. The story is about an unhappy young man named Edward, who had scissors instead of hands. A saleswoman of Avon, Peg, visits the house on the top of the mountain in her town. There lived Edward. Edward was created by a lonely inventor. He was left unfinished because the inventor died before giving him human hands. Peg felt pity for him and took him home. He was welcomed in the village. The neighbors got to like him more because of his talent in gardening and hair cutting. Jim, Kim's boyfriend, tried to use Edward's skill of unlocking doors without a scratch for stealing money from his own father. However, the security system was operating and Edward was locked in the room alone, where he was later caught. After then, Jim started to dislike Edward. Later, when Edward caught saw that Kim was enjoying the snow outside, Edward made an ice sculpture of her. Jim called out her name, causing Edward to jump, and he accidentally cut Kim's hand. However, Jim claimed that it was intentional. Also, when Edward saved Kevin from a car accident, he was misunderstood. People thought he was trying to hurt Kevin. Edward was suspected by all the people in the village. So he went back to the castle he was living in. Jim followed him and tried to hurt him, but Edward stabbed Jim and pushed him out of the window of the castle, killing him. Kim wanted to protect Edward. She lies to the villagers, saying that they killed each other. The story ends with a scene in which it is revealed that the old woman telling the story was Kim.

The history of Mt Garibaldi involves an initial period of volcanism (200,000-300,000 years ago) followed by a period of quiescence. Renewed activity in the last 50,000 years has rebuilt the edifice in a series of violent eruptions. As successive pyroclastic flows travelled down the mountain's gentle slopes and were deposited, the volcano took on a broad, conical form. Part of the volcano's southwest flank built out onto thick glacial ice filling the Squamish River valley. Subsequent rapid melting of the ice at the close of the last ice age removed support from the western part of the cone. The volcano collapsed, producing much of the existing rugged topography of Mount Garibaldi and Atwell Peak. This catastrophic failure left a scarp on which is exposed the internal structure of the volcano and a debris fan with an estimated volume of 150,000,000 m at the foot of the mountain north of the town of Squamish. As valley glaciers retreated, two lava flows erupted Clinker Peak, immediately north of Mt. Garibaldi. The northernmost Rubble Creek flow was party confined by a wall of ice, resulting in a lava flow over 244 m (800 ft) thick. The steep, northern edge of the Rubble Creek flow party collapsed several times, most recently in 1855-1856. The village of Garibaldi was abandoned because of the danger of future collapses. The most recent period of activity occurred shortly after the disappearance of the glacial ice filling the valley, 10,700 to 9,300 radiocarbon years ago, and ended with the eruption of the Ring Creek lava flow from Opal cone on Garibaldi's southeastern flank.

In the sixth month, the angel Gabriel was sent from God to a town of Galilee called Nazareth, to a virgin betrothed to a man named Joseph, of the house of David, and the virgin’s name was Mary. And coming to her, he said, “Hail, favored one! The Lord is with you.” But she was greatly troubled at what was said and pondered what sort of greeting this might be. Then the angel said to her, “Do not be afraid, Mary, for you have found favor with God. Behold, you will conceive in your womb and bear a son, and you shall name him Jesus. He will be great and will be called Son of the Most High, and the Lord God will give him the throne of David his father, and he will rule over the house of Jacob forever, and of his kingdom there will be no end.” But Mary said to the angel, “How can this be, since I have no relations with a man?” And the angel said to her in reply, “The holy Spirit will come upon you, and the power of the Most High will overshadow you. Therefore the child to be born will be called holy, the Son of God. And behold, Elizabeth, your relative, has also conceived a son in her old age, and this is the sixth month for her who was called barren; for nothing will be impossible for God.” Mary said, “Behold, I am the handmaid of the Lord. May it be done to me according to your word.” Then the angel departed from her.According to the law that Israelites follow, Joseph had the right to divorce Mary publicly, but he did not. In a dream Joseph was told that Mary was conceived by the Holy Spirit.

In 1913, Freud published "Totem and Taboo". It was an attempt to reconstruct the birth and the process of development of religion as a social institution. He wanted to demonstrate how the study of psychoanalysis is important in the understanding of the growth of civilization. This book is about how the Oedipus complex and incest taboo came into being and why they are present in all human societies. The incest taboo rises because of a desire for incest. The purpose of the totemic animal is not for group unity, but to re-enforce the incest taboo. The totemic animal is not a symbol of God, but a symbol of the father and it is an important part of religious development. Totemism originates from the memory of an event in pre-history where the male group members eat the father figure due to a desire for the females. The guilt they feel for their actions and for the loss of a father figure leads them to prohibit incest in a new way. Totemism is a means of preventing incest and as a ritual reminder of murder of the father. This shows that sexual desire, since there are many social prohibitions on sexual relations, is channeled through certain ritual actions and all societies adopt these rituals so that sexuality develops in approved ways. This reveals unconscious desires and their repression. Freud believes that civilization makes people unhappy because it contradicts the desire for progress, freedom, happiness, and wealth. Civilization requires repression of drives and instincts - such as sexual, aggression, and death instincts.

Later that year, Harris was charged with twelve counts of having indecent assaulted girls aged 7 to 19 during the 1960s and 1980s. After his computer was seized by police, he was also charged with four counts of making indecent images of a child during 2012. Harris was interviewed and cautioned by police on November 2012. His trial was due to begin in London on 30 April 2014 but was postponed to 6 May 2014. He said he was innocent. He denied all wrongdoing. He also refused to speak to the media and his defence lawyer said that he would plead not guilty to all of the charges. While awaiting trial on 15 January 2014 when he appeared in a London court with his family, supporters and his security guards, it was decided that Harris would be bailed to stay at his home with his wife until the time when trial starts. He was not allowed to go near anyone under 18 or to contact any of the witnesses. He denied any wrongdoing. Harris' trial began at Southwark Crown Court on 6 May 2014. At the trial it was revealed that Harris was a 'Jekyll and Hyde' character, whose immense talent and public generosity to children and animals hid a darker side - he was sexually attracted to young girls. On 19 June 2014, the jury in the Rolf Harris trial retired to consider its verdict. On 30 June 2014, Harris was found guilty on all 12 counts of indecent assault making him the second person to be convicted under Operation Yewtree after Max Clifford. On 4 July 2014, Harris was sentenced to five years and nine months in prison. The sentence was later referred to the Attorney General for England and Wales Dominic Grieve after complaints it was too lenient. On 30 July 2014, the new Attorney General, Jeremy Wright, announced that he would not be referring the sentence to the court of appeal for review "as he did not think they would find it to be unduly lenient and increase it. The sentencing judge was bound by the maximum sentence in force at the time of the offending."

To make a navbar in Tailwind CSS you would use this HTML code:
<!--The style and script tags at the top are for offline mode users-->
<style>
html {
body {
hr {
abbr:where([title]) {
h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6 {
a {
b,
strong {
code,
kbd,
pre,
samp {
small {
sub,
sup {
sub {
sup {
table {
button,
input,
optgroup,
select,
textarea {
button,
select {
[type=button],
[type=reset],
[type=submit],
button {
progress {
[type=search] {
summary {
blockquote,
dd,
dl,
figure,
h1,
h2,
h3,
h4,
h5,
h6,
hr,
p,
pre {
fieldset {
legend {
menu,
ol,
ul {
dialog {
textarea {
input::placeholder,
textarea::placeholder {
[role=button],
button {
audio,
canvas,
embed,
iframe,
img,
object,
svg,
video {
img,
video {
[hidden] {
 --tw-border-spacing-x:0;
.sr-only {
.mx-auto {
.mt-4 {
.block {
.flex {
.inline-flex {
.hidden {
.h-10 {
.h-5 {
.h-8 {
.w-10 {
.w-5 {
.w-full {
.max-w-screen-xl {
.flex-col {
.flex-wrap {
.items-center {
.justify-center {
.justify-between {
.space-x-3 > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
.rounded {
.rounded-lg {
.border {
.border-gray-100 {
.border-gray-200 {
.bg-blue-700 {
.bg-gray-50 {
.bg-white {
.p-2 {
.p-4 {
.px-3 {
.py-2 {
.text-sm {
.font-medium {
.text-gray-500 {
.text-gray-900 {
.text-white {
.hover\:bg-gray-100:hover {
.focus\:outline-none:focus {
.focus\:ring-2:focus {
.focus\:ring-gray-200:focus {
@media (min-width: 768px) {
.rtl\:space-x-reverse:where([dir="rtl"],
[dir="rtl"] *) > :not([hidden]) ~ :not([hidden]) {
@media (prefers-color-scheme: dark) {
@media (min-width: 768px) {

Utah has a dry, semi-arid to arid climate, although its many mountains have large, wide, differences of climates, with the highest points in the Uinta Mountains being above the tree line. The dry weather results from the state lying mostly in the rain shadow of the Sierra Nevada in California. The eastern half of the state is in the rain shadow of the Wasatch Mountains. The main source of rain for the state is the Pacific Ocean, with the state normally lying in the path of large Pacific storms from mid-October through April, although northern Utah often sees these large storms earlier and later. In summer, the state, normally southern and eastern Utah, is in the path of monsoon from the Gulf of California. Most of the lowland areas get less than 12 inches (300 mm) of rain a year. The Great Salt Lake Desert is the driest area of the state, with less than 5 inches (125 mm). Snowfall is common in all but the far southern valleys. Although St. George only gets about 3 inches (7.5 cm) per year, Salt Lake City sees about 60 inches (150 cm), enhanced by the lake-effect snow from the Great Salt Lake, which increases snowfall totals to the south, southeast, and east of the lake. Some areas of the Wasatch Range in the path of the lake-effect get up to 700 inches (1,770 cm) per year. The dry, fluffy, snow led Utah's ski industry to get the slogan "the Greatest Snow on Earth" in the 1980s. In the winter, temperature are a phenomenon across Utah's low basins and valleys, leading to thick humidity and fog that can sometimes last for weeks at a time, normally in the Uintah Basin.

"Le Morte D’Arthur" was written in Middle English, a period of the English language in 11th to 15th century England. Published in 1485, the year of Thomas Malory’s writing corresponds with the end of the Medieval English era. In comparison to Geoffrey Chaucer’s "Canterbury Tales", a significant piece of writing written in typical Middle English style, Malory’s language and use of English are much closer to Early Modern English. Although Chaucer’s writing was published 85 years before Malory’s, their work belongs to the same historical and language period, and as such are often compared, especially language-wise. Although the spelling of Malory’s text does not necessarily correspond with the spelling of Early Modern English, from a grammatical and lexical point of view, it reads similarly to early Elizabethan English. The reason for the modernization of Malory’s writing is believed to be the inspiration in French texts, which gave Thomas Malory the foundation for his story. It is generally agreed that the French language was what so heavily influenced Malory’s own style of writing, as it is with high probability what modernized the language. Concerning the style specifically, Thomas Malory has been both criticized and praised for his rich usage of connecting words such as “so–and–then,” usually used to transition between stories, and for his lengthy and repetitive sentences and phrases, which some scholars condemned as too simplistic, others have, however, praised it to be of high aesthetic quality.

Late on July 23, an area of low pressure formed to the southeast of Chuuk. the system gradually drifted to the west and on July 25, the JTWC upgraded the low pressure area to a tropical depression. At that time, it was about to the west of Guam. At midnight, that day, the JMA started monitoring the system as a tropical depression. Early on July 28, the JTWC upgraded the system into a Tropical Storm. A few hours later, the JMA too upgraded the system to a tropical storm, naming it "Muifa". Soon, the storm moved into the Philippine Area of Responsibility (PAR), and the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) named it "Kabayan". The storm gradually drifted north over the next day maintaining strength. On the night of July 29, Muifa was upgraded into a Severe Tropical Storm. Overnight, the storm strengthened rapidly and was upgraded into a Typhoon the next morning. The storm strengthened so rapidly, and the JTWC reported that the storm's peak winds were reaching , as it strengthened into a Category 5 Typhoon. However, the typhoon could not maintain Category 5 strength for a long time. According to the JTWC, On July 31, the typhoon interacted with an upper-level trough and weakened into a Category 4 Typhoon on the SSHS. The system gradually moved north, then turned west and drifted towards Okinawa, before turning northwest again, when it was finally downgraded into a Tropical Storm by the JTWC. Soon afterwards, the JMA too downgraded Muifa to a Severe Tropical storm. After weakening to a tropical storm, Muifa made landfall at the estuary of the Yalu River on August 8, and the JTWC issued the final warning. Early on August 9, Muifa weakened to a tropical depression in Northeast China and became a low pressure area later.

Bruce's "Zen Garden" caused problems at Casaya and Aras felt he should have been helping with camp . The tribe that won the reward challenge would get all the items that were used in the challenge: fish, rice, spices, and wine. The losing tribe will not go back to camp with nothing. They were to choose either a sack of rice or a sack of beans. La Mina lost again and Casaya chose Terry to go to Exile Island for the second time in a row. When Casaya came back to camp, they found out that their shelter was destroyed in the storm that happened during the challenge. Since the storm also got rid of their fire and they could not make another one since everything was wet, they just enjoyed what they had and ate the fish raw. Meanwhile, as La Mina ate the beans that they chose from the Reward Challenge, Austin and Nick got stomach problems. The next morning at Casaya, Danielle and Courtney found out that Bruce and Bobby spent the night sleeping in their outhouse, drinking all the wine they had won. At the Immunity Challenge, La Mina built the skull pyramid faster than Casaya, finally winning Immunity. After the immunity challenge, Shane told Bobby that Bruce was the next to go, as his tribe was worried he would join La Mina's alliance when the tribes merged (combine). He told Bobby he wasn't to go by swearing on his son's name; but, Cirie, Courtney and Danielle told him they thought Bruce could be trusted more. At tribal council, Shane voted for Aras as a "throwaway vote" as not to choose either side, the women of Casaya voted for Bobby. He was voted off in a 3-2-1-1 vote.

On May 23, 2014, Elliot Rodger, carrying 6- and 8-inch "SRK" and nine-inch boar hunting knife, first attacked his roommate, 20-year-old Weihan "David" Wang, when Wang came back to their apartment. Wang tried to defend himself but was stabbed 15 times. Rodger then attacked his other roommate, 20-year-old Cheng Yuan "James" Hong, who showed up later, stabbing him 25 times as Hong tried to protect himself. Rodger dragged Wang and Hong's bodies in a bedroom and hid them in blanket, towel and clothing. The last person to arrive at the apartment was 19-year-old George Chen, a friend of Wang and Hong. Chen was also attacked by Rodger and was stabbed 94 times as he attempted to defend himself. Chen's body was left in a bathroom. Blood on the walls and blood-soaked paper towels showed that Rodger tried to clean the apartment's hallways and hide signs of the earlier stabbings as each victim entered the apartment. 
After killing the three men, between a three hour time frame, Rodger changed out of his clothes that were drenched in blood and then went to Starbucks, where he bought a triple-vanilla latte. Less than two hours after his Starbucks visit, he uploaded a video on YouTube called "Elliot Rodger's Retribution" and emailed a 137-page document called “My Twisted World” to 34 people, including his parents, friends, and therapists. His mother, Li Chin Rodger, was alerted by a call from her son's therapist Gavin Linderman to check an email he sent. After seeing his manifesto and finding the "Retribution" video online, she and Rodger's father, Peter Rodger, rushed towards the University while contacting the police. Rodger first went to the Alpha Phi sorority house, where he tried to get inside by knocking on the door for three minutes. Unable to enter, he returned to his car and, from an open window, shot at three members of the Tri Delta sorority who were walking back to their sorority house. The victims were 19-year-old Veronika Weiss, 22-year-old Katherine Cooper, and 20-year-old Bianca DeKock. Weiss and Cooper died from their injuries, while DeKock, bleeding and calling her mother, was helped by a deputy who put pressure to her wounds. A bystander continued to give first aid to DeKock when the deputy left to join the chase for Rodger.

During the third act of the play, following a line in the play that was the biggest laugh of the night, Lincoln was laughing at this line when he was shot. John Wilkes Booth, a well-known actor and a Confederate spy from Maryland, entered the presidential box and fired a pistol at point-blank range into the back of Lincoln's head, mortally wounding him. Lincoln immediately lost consciousness, but he passed into unconsciousness with laughter and a smile on his face. Katherine M. Evans, a young actress in the play, who was offstage when Lincoln was shot but rushed onstage after Booth's exit stated "I looked and saw President Lincoln unconscious, his head dropping on his breast, his eyes closed, but with a smile still on his face". Lincoln was carried across the street to Petersen House. He was placed diagonally on the bed because his tall frame would not fit normally on the smaller bed. He remained in a coma for nine hours. He died the next morning. As he died his breathing grew quieter, his face more calm. According to some accounts, at his last drawn breath, on the morning after the assassination, he smiled broadly and then expired. Historians, most notably author Lee Davis have emphasized Lincoln's peaceful appearance when and after he died: "It was the first time in four years, probably, that a peaceful expression crossed his face." Assistant Secretary of the Treasury in the Lincoln Administration, Maunsell Bradhurst Field wrote, "I had never seen upon the President's face an expression more genial and pleasing." The President’s secretary, John Hay, saw "a look of unspeakable peace came upon his worn features".

Though he loves Pluto, the narrator begins to suffer from violent mood swings, predominantly due to the influence of alcohol. He takes to mistreating not only the other animals but also his wife. During this uncontrollable rage, he spares only Pluto. After returning home quite drunk one night, the narrator lashes out at Pluto. Believing the cat has avoided him, he vengefully grasps the cat, only to be bitten on the hand. In demonic retaliation, the narrator pulls a penknife from his pocket and cuts out one of the cat’s eyes. Though the narrator wakes the next morning with a partial feeling of remorse, he is unable to reverse the newly ominous course of his black soul. Ignored for certain now by the wounded cat, the narrator soon seeks further retaliation. He is overwhelmed by a spirit of PERVERSENESS, and sets out to commit wrong for the sake of wrong. He hangs Pluto from the limb of a tree one morning.
On the night of Pluto’s hanging, the narrator’s family’s house burns down, but he dismisses the possibility of a connection between the two events. The day after the fire, which destroys all the narrator’s possessions, he witnesses a group of neighbors collected around a wall that remains standing. Investigating their shouts of amazement, the narrator discovers the impression of a gigantic cat—with a rope around its neck—on the surface of the wall. The narrator attempts to explain rationally the existence of the impression, but he finds himself haunted by this phantasm over the course of many months. One night, while out drunk, the narrator discovers a black object poised upon a large barrel of alcohol. A new black cat has appeared, resembling Pluto but with a splash of white on his fur.

Kohli's playing style is widely regarded as aggressive, a trait that extends to his leadership on the field. Kohli is known as a skilled batsman who plays with determination and energy. In one-day cricket, he usually bats at number three and stands with his chest slightly open and holds the bottom of his bat firmly. He's praised for his quick footwork, wide range of shots, and his talent for leading innings, especially in high-pressure situations. Instead of trying to hit big shots, Kohli prefers to play safe shots close to the ground. People admire his ability to make wrist shots and consistently perform well in the mid-wicket and cover areas. Kohli is known for his composed batting technique and versatility in his play. He scores runs between long-off and long-on with an aligned bat, while also possessing the ability to display a destructive streak. His combination of bat-speed and supple wrist movements enable him to craft innovative angles that disrupt traditional field positioning.
His playing style is similar to the Greatest Sachin Tendulkar, that is why he is often compared to Sachin Tendulkar.
However, Kohli has a known vulnerability to deliveries that are wide of the off-stump. Bowlers often make use of this weakness by targeting him with such deliveries, especially in Test and ODl matches. This weakness has resulted in Kohli's dismissal on many occasions. Cricket experts such as VVS Laxman and former Indian cricketer Sanjay Manjrekar have acknowledged this weakness, and former New Zealand cricketer Richard Hadlee has also noted that Kohli is particularly exposed to out-swinging deliveries.

It will be remembered that in the month of October, 1897, reports were
received here of the probable loss of the whaling fleet in the Arctic
regions, and of the likelihood that nearly 300 men, composing the
officers and crews of the fleet, would perish from hunger unless succor [an old word for help] could reach them early in the spring. ...<br>
The overland expedition was formed, and consisted of First Lieut. David
H. Jarvis, Revenue-Cutter Service, commanding; Second Lieut. Ellsworth
P. Bertholf, Revenue-Cutter Service, and Dr. Samuel J. Call, surgeon of
the "Bear", all volunteers. ...<br>
They were materially aided by Mr. W.T. Lopp, agent of the American Missionary Society at Cape Prince of Wales, and Artisarlook, a native of that region, both of whom, at great personal sacrifice, left their families and accompanied the reindeer herd to Point Barrow.
The overland expedition, after a difficult and hazardous journey of
nearly 2,000 miles through the storms and bitter cold of an Arctic
winter, reached Point Barrow with the herd on the 29th of March, 1898,
three months and twelve days from their landing from the "Bear" at
Cape Vancouver, Alaskan coast of Bering Sea. They arrived none too soon. ... [due to] bad sanitary conditions and want of proper food, the men from the whale ships quartered there were found upon the verge of great suffering, while sickness had broken out among them. ...<br>
I have therefore the honor to submit the following recommendations and
to ask your favorable action: ...<br>
That gold medals of honor of appropriate design, to be approved by
the Secretary of the Treasury, be awarded to Lieutenants Jarvis and
Bertholf and Dr. Call, commemorative of their heroic struggles in aid of
suffering fellow-men. ...<br>
That the sum of $2,500 be appropriated to be disbursed by the
Secretary of the Treasury in bestowing rewards upon W.T. Lopp,
Artisarlook, and native herders, who rendered material aid to the relief
expedition.

Al Ain (Arabic: العين) is a city in the United Arab Emirates. The city name literally means "the spring" or "the eye" in Arabic. This name come from the water sources in the area. The city is in the emirate of Abu Dhabi, right next to the border with Oman. It is often called the 'Garden City of the Persian Gulf' because of the many parks, tree-lined avenues and decorative roundabouts within the city. Al Ain, Abu Dhabi and Dubai form a kind of geographic triangle in the center of the country. Each city is around 150 kilometers from the other two. 
Al Ain is the fourth largest metropolitan area by population in the Emirates, with a population of 348,000 (2003 census estimate). There are more Emirati nationals in Al Ain than other places in the country, but most who live there are people who left other countries, particularly from the Indian sub-continent. There are fewer Western people than in the larger centers of Abu Dhabi and Dubai. This gives Al Ain a more 'Arabic' look and feel, compared to the larger cities of the Emirates.
People have lived in Al Ain for more than 4000 years, and the area is central to the cultural heritage of the country. There are many underground water springs in the area. This explains why people wanted to live there. Traces of its past remain, including camel racing and breeding. The ancient "falaj" system of irrigation is still in use in some areas. The system brings underground water to people by a network of tunnels that come out into open channels. The flow of water in the channels can be controlled.

Original settlers of the Christchurch region were Moa Hunters. These settlers hunted the moa out of existence by about the year 1500. The hunters cleared large areas of Mataī and Tōtara forests by fire, changing the landscape. The Māori people (Ngāti Māmoe and later Ngāi Tahu) arrived in Canterbury between 1500 and 1700. The Moa Hunters were either killed or adopted by tribes. On February 16, 1770, Captain James Cook was the first European to see the Canterbury peninsula from his ship the Endeavour. Thinking it was an island, he named it Banks Island after the ship’s botanist, Joseph Banks. It was not until around 1815 when European sailors from the sealing ship, Governor Bligh, landed and set foot on Banks Peninsula. During the 1820s the local Māori population fell due to fighting between different groups of Ngāi Tahu and raids by the Ngāti Toa chief Te Rauparaha from 1830 to 1832. The impact of European diseases, especially measles and influenza only increased the death toll of the Māori people. The Māori tribes fought each other to near disappearance in the Christchurch region.
European pilgrims began settling the area in the 1800s. In 1839, the New Zealand Company was established in London. In current history, people started immigrating from Europe to New Zealand during this time. In May 1840, Major Thomas Bunbury arrived on a ship, the HMS Herald, to collect signatures from the Ngāi Tahu chiefs for the Treaty of Waitangi. The Treaty had been signed by many North Island chiefs in the Bay of Islands earlier in the year on 6 February, 1840. During Bunbury’s visit, only two of the Ngāi Tahu chiefs signed it. After this treaty was signed, the colony became in direct control of the UK. The settlement by the British began in 1850. Christchurch was born by a royal warrant of the British King as the oldest city in New Zealand on July 31, 1856. A building of Neo-Gothic architecture was designed and constructed by Benjamin Mount Fort in the city center. The suburb of Hei Hei was subdivided for poultry farming after WWI for returning serviceman, but the venture failed due to the poor soil conditions. In 1947, New Zealand's a major fire occurred at Ballantyne's Department Store in the inner city. 41 people died in a blaze which razed the rambling collection of buildings. Mass shootings occurred at two mosques on 15 March 2019.

Arguments between the farming-based South and industrial North over the growth of the institution of slavery and states' rights began the American Civil War. In 1861 The southern states separated from the union and founded their own country called the Confederate States of America after anti-slavery candidate, Abraham Lincoln won the Presidential election. The Union's victory over the Confederacy prevented a permanent split of the country and led to the end of legal slavery in the United States. By the 1870s, the national wealth was the world's largest. The Spanish–American War and World War I confirmed the country's status as a military power. In 1945, the United States came out of World War II as a Superpower and was the first country with nuclear weapons. After World War II the United States along with its allies founded the United Nations. Today the United States is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council. After the end of World War II the United States and Soviet Union were engaged in an arms race called the Cold War. The United States participated in the Space Race against the Soviet Union that produced rapid advancements in rocket technology. They created the Apollo 11 rocket and it was the first to send people to the moon. It was done by NASA, an American space agency. It went up to space on July 16, 1969, carrying three astronauts: Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins. On July 20, 1969, Armstrong and Aldrin became the first humans to land on the moon, while Collins stayed in orbit around the Moon. In 1991, the Soviet Union broke up, ending the Cold War and leaving the United States as the only superpower.

Fawzi was born in a village near Quwaysina, Monufia Governorate. His father graduated from al'Ulum and the Shari'a Judges School. 
Fawzi learned law at the University of Cairo. He got a PhD in Criminal law in the year 1926 from many universities. These include Liverpool University, Columbia University and University of Rome La Sapienza.
He was very active politically when he was young. He was the consulate for Egypt in Kobe, Hyōgo from 1926 to the 30s. In 1942 he became a consul-general(the leader of a group of consuls) in Jerusalem. He was then an Egyptian representative for the United Nations in 1947. He was then an ambassador to the United Kingdom in 1952. In 1952, Gamal Abdel Nasser became the new leader of Egypt. Because of this, Fawzi became the foreign minister of Egypt. Fawzi was thought to be a good candidate. This was because he was very good at speaking many languages. He also stayed away from argument.
Fawzi was a foreign minister of Egypt until 1958. In 1958, the United Arab Republic(a union between Egypt and Syria) was formed. Fawzi was the foreign minister for them. In 1961, the United Arab Republic collapsed. Fawzi stopped being a foreign minister in 1964. After that, he was an advisor to Gamal Abdel Nasser for foreign affairs. Nasser died in 1970 so Fawzi became the prime minister of Egypt. Fawzi was the prime minister until January of 1972. After that, he served as the vice-president of Egypt. He retired in 1974. He then wrote the book "Suez War", a book about the Suez Crisis. It was published after he died in 1981.

A capacitor is a very common electrical circuit device that can store electrical energy as charge. It works based on the idea that you can have a separation between two conductive plates and store a charge on the surface of these plates. However, if too much electricity is stored in the plates, it can jump across the gap causing less energy to be stored. The amount of charge stored in the capacitor can be increased by putting a dielectric material between the plates; air plays this role if no other material is present. This helps to prevent the charge from crossing the gap between the two electrodes, which allows more charge to be stored in this manner. 
By using a solution instead of the dielectric material, more energy can be stored within the device. When the capacitor becomes charged, the positively charged molecules in the solution become attracted to the negatively charged electrode (and opposite for the positively charged electrode). These positively charged molecules then become attached to the surface of the electrode, and pull in negatively charged molecules from the solution to form a spherical shape; however, these molecules are not attached as strongly. These two layers in the solution prevent the similar charges from pushing each other apart as much leading to an increase in the amount of charge the device can store. In experiments, it has been seen that there is a voltage drop across this layer, which works in the same way as a capacitor. This led to the first use of the term "electrical double layer" in the 1850s by Helmholtz and later being changed to "electrical double layer capacitance" (EDLC). Since this double layer capacitance happens at both electrodes, the theoretical capacitance of the entire device can be raised substantially. However, there are several other factors which can come into play, causing the actual capacitance of the device to not see as much benefit as expected.

Maroon Berets are all recruited from high rank Army officers who volunteer to join. Each recruit must have at least served 3 years as an Army soldier and must have certain amount of time received by Army operations either from exercises or actual clashes. They must undergo A) Domestic training witch takes 72 weeks B) International training takes 10 to 52 weeks depending on the rank of the volunteering officer. and C) specialty. After graduating from Special Operations Training commandos are tested before officially becoming an MB officer. They are expected to survive in all environmental conditions for at least 2 weeks, so they are left as an entire team in different environments each on with no equipment or help for 2 weeks as a part of the final testing stage. If they survive they become MB commandos. They are also tested by a number of other near impossible tests which can be anything from performing the Trust shot to a few questions on subjects they learned in training. On the last month of training Maroon Berets receive interrogation and torture training. The last month of training is called hell month, similar to the United States Navy Seals hell week training.
The Trust Shot () is a part of the MB's training program. It is exercised on the last month of the training and is to ensure that the soldiers can trust each other with their lives. The Trust Shot consists of two members of a squad standing next to paper target boards, while another member fires on the targets with a handgun while walking towards them from 15 meters (49.2 feet) away. The MB's are the only special operations team in the world to exercise the trust shot.

Early on September 13, a low pressure area formed northeast of the Northern Mariana Islands. The system gradually drifted north and steadily intensified until the next day when the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical depression. Later on September 14, the JTWC issued a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert (TCFA) on the system reporting that the system could intensify into a tropical storm within 24 hours from then. Convection rapidly consolidated the center with persistent, deep convection around the northeastern periphery, prompting the JTWC to initiate advisories on the system, designating it with "19W". Soon, the JMA also initiated advisories on the system, upgrading it to Tropical Storm "Sonca". In the begging, Sonca seemed to have intensified rapidly since formation, however, soon the storm weakened back to a minimal tropical storm because of dry air entering the LLCC that caused it to elongate and weaken. However, that was not for too long as vigorous convection persisted over the well defined LLCC with tightly curved banding wrapped in, Sonca continued to strengthen gradually and the JTWC reported winds of at-least near the center. As Sonca continued to strengthen, and the JMA upgraded it to a severe tropical storm on September 17. Later that day, Sonca developed a large ragged eye with deep convective banding tightly wrapped into it. As a result, Sonca strengthened more rapidly and by early the next day, it became a typhoon. On September 18, Sonca reached a peak intensity of (1-min mean) and (10-min mean) and soon the convection around the northern periphery started weakening. Being embedded in a baroclinic zone with low sea surface temperatures, Sonca started its extratropical transition late on September 19. The transition took place relatively fast because of a frontal boundary and the JTWC reported that Sonca became extratropical early on September 20, while the JMA did the same later in the evening.

The Jodhra tribe converted to Islam in the hand of Mahmud of Ghazni, they came to Attock in the end 16th Century and got their hands on much of the land of north Punjab mainly the 'illaquas' of Sohan, Sill, Talagang and Chakwal. The Jodhra were independent Chiefs keeping up a large body of armed retainers. They saw their peak in the times of Malik Aulia Khan after which owing to family feuds and other causes the tribe has lost much of its original prosperity.
Their fights with Gheba tribe were an essential part of their history and were known as 'arch-rivals' and enemies but now the two tribes inter-marry and are on friendly terms.In Sir Lepel Griffins book it is stated that the Jodhra are men of principles who could kill for their prestige, they are strong, proud of their culture and traditions. They also breed horses and are fond of hawking and field sports, they prefer service in cavalry to infantry. 
There are two major and powerful jodhra families in Pindi Gheb and Fateh jang: "The Kamrial Family" & "The Khunda Family"
"kamrial family has a long history dated centuries back to the times of mughal & british empire, known for their valour. kamrial family comprises of people of kamrial mostly landlords businessmen and politicians their land ownership have a stretch of 13 villages which got squeezed after land reforms during ayub khan's martial law. kamrial family is headed by its powerful leaders but in the political arena they are mainly headed by two brothers Malik ahmed khan and Malik lal khan, Both esteemed businessmen. Malik lal also served in national assembly of pakistan twice and held the office as Parliamentary secretary, his son malik sohail khan is currently MNA from PML-N and ex vice chairman of district attock. Elder son of malik ahmed, malik sajjad khan kamrial is also getting alot of traction in public as an emerging brave face of PTI in attock, younger brother of sajjad; Malik Shabbar khan is Malik Ahmed Khan's younger son who is currently the deputy Chief of 'Citizen Police Liaison Committee'.
This family is very strong not only in Attock but in whole Pakistan but it is said that they hold grudges among themselves.

The common toad usually moves by walking rather slowly or in short jumps using all four legs. It spends the day hiding. It comes out at dusk. It may travel some distance in the dark while hunting. It is most active in wet weather. By morning it has returned to its base. It may live in the same place for several months. It has a large appetite and eats woodlice, slugs, beetles, caterpillars, flies, worms and even small mice. Small, fast moving prey may be caught by a flick of the tongue. Larger items are grabbed with the jaws. Having no teeth, it swallows food whole in a series of gulps. It will try to eat any small, dark coloured, moving object it encounters at night. A research study showed that it would snap at a moving piece of black paper as if it were prey. It would ignore a larger moving piece. On occasion, the common toad sheds its skin which comes away in tattered pieces. The skin is then eaten.
When attacked, the common toad puffs up its body and stands with its back end raised and its head lowered. Its main means of defence is a foul tasting secretion. It has a bufotoxin called bufagin and is enough to keep away many predators. Grass snakes seem to be unaffected by it. Other predators of adult toads include hedgehogs, rats and mink, and even domestic cats. Birds that feed on toads include herons, crows and birds of prey. The tadpoles also have noxious substances which keep fishes from eating them but not the great crested newt. Aquatic invertebrates that feed on toad tadpoles include dragonfly larvae, diving beetles and water boatmen. These usually avoid the noxious secretion by puncturing the tadpole's skin and sucking out its juices.

Kathiababa Ka Sthan is located on Vrindavan Gurukul Road, Mathura District, Uttar Pradesh, India. The architectural style and beauty of this ashram is a reflection of Kathiababa architecture of many ancient eras. This temple is the main shrine of the Nimbarka Sampradaya and Kathiababa Ka Sthana (Head Qater). known as Nimbarka temples and ashrams of all countries of the world are run from this temple.
Sri Sri Kathiababa Ka Sthana is located at Prana Kendra Gurukul Road, Vrindavan, Mathura District, Uttar Pradesh, India. Bengal's first Nimbarka Mahant of Nimbark community, former president of Kumbh Mela alias Tarakishore Chowdhury/ Sri Sri 108 Swami Santadas Kathiababa He went on Braj Parikrama many times with Gurudev and always kept an eye on Gurudev's merits and demerits. Shri Tara Kishore Chowdhury planned to build an ashram for Gurudev on the land donated by Chinnu Singh to Shri Shri Kathiya Babaji Maharaj. With Gurudev's permission, he started building a large ashram. He used to send money from Calcutta and under the supervision of Sri Sri Kathiya Babaji Maharaj, “Kathiababa Ka Sthana” was built in Vrindavan. But before the ashram was completed, Sri Sri Kathiya Babaji Maharaj became a brahmin after celebrating the mortal body. Even after the demise of his Gurudev, Sri Tarakishore continued the work of building the ashram. Rather, he had to borrow about thirty two thousand rupees to complete this work. But by the grace of Sri Sri Gurudev, he repaid that loan within a short time. 
The ashram is currently managed and directed by Nimbarka Sampradaya 57th Acharya Brajvidehi Srimahant Ananta Srivibhushit Sri Sri 108 Swami Rasbiharidas Kathiyababa Maharaj and the ashram has its own management committee

On the eve of World War I in 1914, around two million Armenians lived in Anatolia out of a total population of 15–17.5 million. According to the Armenian Patriarchate's estimates for 1913–1914, there were 2,925 Armenian towns and villages in the Ottoman Empire, of which 2,084 were in the Armenian highlands in the vilayets of Bitlis, Diyarbekir, Erzerum, Harput, and Van. Armenians were a minority in most places where they lived, alongside Turkish and Kurdish Muslim and Greek Orthodox Christian neighbors. According to the Patriarchate's figure, 215,131 Armenians lived in urban areas, especially Constantinople, Smyrna, and Eastern Thrace. Although most Ottoman Armenians were peasant farmers, they were overrepresented in commerce. As middleman minorities, despite the wealth of some Armenians, their overall political power was low, making them especially vulnerable. During World War I, the CUP—whose central goal was to preserve the Ottoman Empire—came to identify Armenian civilians as an existential threat. CUP leaders held Armenians—including women and children—collectively guilty for "betraying" the empire, a belief that was crucial to deciding on genocide in early 1915. Minister of War Enver Pasha took war of Sarikamish after losing, Enver publicly blamed his defeat on Armenians who he claimed had actively sided with the Russians, a theory that became a consensus among CUP leaders. Reports of local incidents such as weapons caches, severed telegraph lines, and occasional killings confirmed preexisting beliefs about Armenian treachery and fueled paranoia among CUP leaders that a coordinated Armenian conspiracy was plotting against the empire. In February 1915, the CUP leaders decided to disarm Armenians serving in the army and transfer them to labor battalions. Discounting contrary reports that most Armenians were loyal, the CUP leaders decided that the Armenians had to be eliminated to save the empire.

The second edition of "Arkzin" ran for 93 issues, the first of which appeared on April 1st 1992. Initially a monthly, starting from the issue 13, "Arkzin" became a bi-weekly. In the second phase, "Arkzin" changed its format to A3, broadened the editorial board and scope of topics, included professional journalists as contributors (many of them could not publish in mainstream newspapers any more because of tightening censorship efforts by the state at the time). It was printed in newspaper rotation and distributed through a national newspaper stands network. Circulation grew from 2.000 to 10.000 copies. During this period "Arkzin" gradually changed to a hybrid magazine in which politics, culture, theory and art met and inspired one another. Throughout its life as a newspaper, "Arkzin" changed its conceptual self-definition, changing from the “Magazine of the Anti-War Campaign Croatia” (no. 10, February 1994), “Megazine of the Anti-War Campaign Croatia” (no. 12, April 1994) , “Metazine for Civil Society Politics and Culture” (no. 66, 7 June 1996), “Memezine for Civil Society Politics and Culture” (no. 73, 13 September 1996). Starting with the issue no. 82 (January 17, 1997) the cover page masthead no longer said ‘Arkzin’ in the Roman alphabet, but rather in Japanese katakana. In words of Dejan Kršić, graphic designer and one of the editors of "Arkzin": "This development reflects the role that Arkzin plays in the context of the movement for peace, non-violence, human rights, women’s power and ecology on one side, and the efforts of a growing range of people to build a cultural environment, which resists not only the war and its consequences but also the strangling grip of the dominant nationalist forces in Croatia, on the other side. Arkzin has established itself as a major forum of independent, alternative, critical information and debate. Arkzin not only criticises the government policies (e. g. the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina and the evictions of the people from former Yugoslav army housing flats), but also examines the role of the media, of the intellectuals and of various marginalised youth subcultures." (note published on Bibliofil)

By early on October 17, the outer rainbands, which had previously controlled the structure of the cyclone, dissipated, while deep convection developed near and to the south of the center. Computer models predicted steady strengthening as the depression moved westward before turning to the north. Deep convection continued to develop to the south of the center, and the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Wilma at 0600 UTC on October 17, while about 200 miles (320 km) southeast of Grand Cayman. Right after becoming a tropical storm, the National Hurricane Center predicted Wilma to track west-northwestward, reaching winds of 105 mph (170 km/h) before striking the northeastern portion of the Yucatán Peninsula. The storm continued to the southwest while deep convection laid near the center. Late on October 17, a Hurricane Hunters flight into Wilma recorded winds of 50 mph (80 km/h), but an unusually low pressure of 989 mbar (29.21 inHg), which would be more typical of a minimal hurricane. This was because of a number of unusual low pressures across the region, which resulted in a lesser pressure gradient and thus lighter winds. Convection continued to develop near the center and became much more symmetrical.
Tropical Storm Wilma began to turn to the west-northwest on October 18, during which the storm developed a small, intermittent and ragged eye feature as well as a mid-level eye feature. At 1200 UTC on October 18, Wilma strengthened into a Category 1 hurricane while about 225 miles (360 km) south-southeast of Grand Cayman. Shortly after reaching hurricane strength, the hurricane began undergoing explosive deepening, after the development of a "pinhole" eye 9 miles (14 km) in diameter. This small eye was surrounded by a ring of deep convection, with cloud-top temperatures of about -125 °F (-87 °C).

According to beliefs, Goddess Yumjao Leima is the divine representation of the (Royal Mother) of the kingdom. All the powerful queen mothers were integrated into goddess Yumjao Leima after their death. Goddess Yumjao Leima herself was the all-time ruling Queen Mother. The most powerful person in a kingdom was always the Queen Mother - representation of Goddess Yumjao Leima. In ancient Kangleipak, cut off heads of the enemies from the war were offered to the goddess. The Meitei kings ruled the kingdom in the name of their Queen Mothers. Battles and wars were conducted in the name of the Queen Mothers. One example is that of an event recorded in the Cheitharol Kumbaba:
Goddess Yumjao Leima is prayed for the longevity of life of the King. The final rites and rituals dedicated to Her are generally performed by the maibas.
Goddess Yumjao Lairemma () is mainly worshipped by the Thaopicham family of Meitei ethnicity.
According to Meitei culture, the "Nongmai" class is in the middle position of the society of the maibis (priestesses). They used to take care of the cult of goddess Yumjao Lairembi.
The ""Temple of Yumjao Lairembi"" inside the Kangla is at the left side of the Temple of Pakhangba. Structurally, both the temples are of the same architectural styles. The southern wall of the temple is well decorated. The remaining three walls of the temple are of little decorations. A door with the lancite arch is in the southern wall of the temple. Two false doors surround the two sides of the one real door. All the doors (real and false) are framed with pilasters. The ground plan of the temple is in square shape. Its area covered is 2.43 square meters.

Jai is fired from the case, but is encouraged by Ali to prove Sahir's guilt. Jai eventually finds out about Samar, and sets about finding a way to corner Sahir. Samar, being mentally challenged, is kept in seclusion by Sahir. However, he allows Samar outdoors once a week, and Jai manages to befriend him during this time in order to perform his plan. Samar has fallen in love with Aaliya after performing with her in the circus, but cannot express it. This leads to a rift between the brothers. Jai tries to take advantage of this, but Sahir finds out and thwarts Jai's plan to stop them. When Sahir comes in the disguise of Samar, Jai reveals his true identity and, assuming him to be Samar, tells him to surrender since he can give them justice. When Sahir reveals himself, he ties Jai to the track of a roller coaster. He switches the roller coaster on, but Ali arrives in time to save him from being crushed. He decides the only way to catch the brothers is in the act of robbing. Sahir and Samar pull off their final bank heist, and escape. However, the following day, Jai manages to corner them as they're making their way out of town. Samar is hesitant to run when Aaliya shows up, begging him to stop. Sahir surrenders to Jai, asking him to spare Samar. Jai agrees, but right after, Sahir attempts to jump off the dam. Samar grabs Sahir's hand, refusing to let him go. Sahir begs Samar otherwise, saying he can live freely with Aaliya. But Samar says that both of them are born together and should die together. Soon Samar loses his grip, and the two of them fall into the abyss, but smiling at each other. Western Bank of Chicago is shut down as a result of the heists, while Aaliya is shown having taken over The Great Indian Circus and still performing for it.

In August 2013, fueled by resentment over his broken ankle and repeated rejections from women, Rodger concluded that his only resolve was to enact his planned attack. However, hindered by his fractured ankle, he postponed his scheme until the following spring of 2014. Rodger's parents sought more professional help for him, leading to therapy sessions with Charles Sophy, a controversial psychiatrist who began treating Rodger in late 2012. He prescribed him Risperidone, an antipsychotic drug, which Rodger decided not to take after researching it online. Subsequently, Rodger stopped going to his appointments with Sophy by the fall of 2013. Rodger experienced jealousy and increased distress when he noticed women showing interest to one of his counselors. Although he developed a connection with a female counselor, her relocation left him reluctant to seek a replacement, feeling that hiring a woman for companionship resembled engaging in prostitution. Around this time, his parents enlisted the help of a life coach named Gavin Linderman. Linderman provided Rodger with rehabilitation and instructions to improve his social life, requiring Rodger to travel to Los Angeles for the sessions. During their meetings, Rodger opened up to the life coach about his struggles with his virginity. Linderman suggested that moving out from Isla Vista would be beneficial, but Rodger promptly dismissed that idea. During this period, Rodger's envy toward his six-year-old stepbrother intensified, particularly as his brother secured opportunities to appear in television commercials. Consumed by jealousy, Rodger began plotting the murder of his stepbrother, fearing his sibling would surpass him in popularity with girls. Additionally, he devised a plan to kill his stepmother by stabbing her in the neck due to disliking her. Rodger planned to commit the murders while his father was away on a business trip, as Rodger harbored concerns that he might hesitate if confronted with the task of killing his own father. Amidst his intentions, Rodger's mother bought him a BMW 3-series coupe, giving a glimmer of hope within him that he might attract a girlfriend during the remaining months of 2013.

The next match of the evening was the fourth-yearly Money in the Bank ladder match, featuring Chris Jericho, Mr. Kennedy and Carlito from the Raw brand; CM Punk, Shelton Benjamin and John Morrison from the ECW brand; and Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) from the SmackDown brand. The match featured many dangerous spots. Early in the match, Morrison climbed a turnbuckle and performed a moonsault on others outside while holding a ladder against his chest. Then, at one point, when Mr. Kennedy and Morrison were battling on top of a ladder, Benjamin climbed another ladder placed adjacent to the first one, and performed a flip powerbomb on Kennedy, who in turn superplexed Morrison from the top of the ladder. After sometime, Kennedy delivered his Green Bay Plunge to Punk onto a ladder. Later, Carlito and Kennedy flipped Benjamin off a ladder, sending him crashing through another ladder set-up between the barricade and the ring apron. Jericho also performed his Walls of Jericho on Morrison on top of a ladder. Kennedy delivered his Mic Check to Punk off a ladder. Quickly afterwards, Carlito hit the Backstabber to Jericho from a ladder. When MVP was close of finding the contract briefcase, Matt Hardy returned to action through the crowd, entered the ring and delivered the Twist of Fate to MVP off the ladder. As soon as Morrison started to climb a ladder, see-sawing with another ladder, Jericho flipped the other one and Morrison landed on the ring-ropes groin-first. In the end, Jericho and Punk fought each other on a ladder, but Punk trapped Jericho's one leg in the ladder's steps and himself retrieved the contract briefcase to win the match.

EMI Latin believed Selena should release a crossover album, believing she had reached her peak in the Spanish-language market. They wanted to launch her career as an American solo pop artist. Selena was signed with EMI's SBK Records in November 1993 after less than twenty-four hours in Los Angeles. News of Selena being signed with SBK made front-page news on "Billboard" magazine. Selena said that she was frighten by the recording deal because the situation was new to her and that only a few people had believed she would achieve success in the pop world. Selena said in interviews that the album would be released in 1994. However, following the release of "Amor Prohibido" in March 1994, she said the album was still being developed. During a dinner in a Thai restaurant in 1994, Selena was upset about the pressure she was under from the press about the album. She said, to Behar, that she told a lot of news crews that the album was about to be released and that she has yet to record a single song. Behar believed Selena was joking because she had always like telling jokes, but then noticed she was not setting up a joke and believed she was right. Behar then told the chairman of EMI Records, Charles Koppelman, that Selena and her band Los Dinos would leave EMI and find a record company willing to record an English-language album for Selena. Behar had lied to the chairman about Selena leaving in order to force the crossover album to begin. Koppelman did not want Selena to leave and began the recording sessions.

Two American nightclub owners from New York City, Travis (John Travolta) and Wendell (Arye Gross) are drugged and kidnapped while on their way to opening a nightclub in rural Nebraska. The KGB spy Cameron Smith (Charles Martin Smith) takes them to the Soviet Union, as "experts" on the "American lifestyle" with the intention of teaching KGB spies to be like Americans. And under the influence of drugs they think they have arrived in "Nebraska" to open the nightclub. Travis and Wendell are brought to the phony town of "Indian Springs", which is populated by Russians who speak perfect American English and act like Americans. KGB spies go there to study "American people" and "American culture", but is stuck in the 1950s. The KGB spy Smith is in charge of the "typical American town" built for espionage-training purposes and hopes that his fellow spies will learn real American culture. But things get out of control when Travis and Wendell introduce their fellow "American" neighbors current pop culture, turn a bar into a rock music club and teach the townsfolk to dance. Both also flirt with local women. 
Travis and Wendell increasingly become suspicious, but when they get lost in a forest and stumble upon a military base where everyone is speaking Russian, they realize that they are actually in the Soviet Union. Things also get dangerous when the townsfolk taste freedom, and the KGB decides to stop the experiment and kill the American "guests", who have to find ways to flee the country.

Sogahata was born in Kashima on August 2, 1979. He joined J1 League club Kashima Antlers based in his local from youth team in 1998. He debuted against Avispa Fukuoka on May 8, 1999 and played several matches until 2000. Although he could not play many matches behind Japan national team player Daijiro Takakuwa until 2000, Sogahata played in semifinals and final at 2000 J.League Cup and Antlers won the champions. He was also selected "New Hero Awards". In 2001, he became a regular goalkeeper instead Takakuwa and Sogahata played as regular goalkeeper for long time. Antlers won the champions in 2001 J1 League for 2 years in a row. In 2002 season, he was selected Best Eleven award. Antlers also won the champions in 2002 J.League Cup. In 2007, Antlers won the champions in J1 League for the first time in 6 years. Antlers also won the champions in 2007 Emperor's Cup. Antlers won the champions in J1 League for 3 years in a row (2007-2009). From 2010 season, Antlers won the champions 2010 Emperor's Cup, 2011 and 2012 J.League Cup. He also played all matches from 2008 season to 2014 season. He played for 244 consecutive matches until last match in 2014 season which is J1 League record. In 2015, although he could not play all matches in J1 League, Antlers won the champions in J.League Cup. In 2016, Antlers won the champions in J1 League and qualified for 2016 Club World Cup as host country champions. At Club World Cup, he played all 4 matches and won the 2nd place. In 2017, Antlers gained new goalkeeper Kwoun Sun-tae and Sogahata battles for the position with Kwoun Sun-tae. However Sogahata could not play many matches behind Kwoun Sun-tae from 2017. In 2018 AFC Champions League, he played 4 matches and Antlers won the champions first Asian title in the club history. He retired end of the 2020 season.

In 2022, Iran had a dress-code which specified what kinds of clothes were acceptable in public, and which ones were not. Since the 1980s, women have to cover their hair, using what is called hijab. In 2022, people protested against this ruling. These protests became known as Enghelab protests (). They are seen as part of a wider movement to make Iran a more democratic country since the 1953 Iranian coup d'état, in which the US and the UK overthrow of the democratically elected Prime Minister of Iran, Mohammad Mosaddegh, due to his policy to nationalize Iran's oil industry. The protests were inspired by Vida Movahed (), an Iranian woman known as the Girl of Enghelab Street (). She was given that name, because she stood in the crowd on a utility box on Enghelab Street (Revolution Street) in Tehran on 27 December 2017 during the 2017-2018 Iranian protests; a white cloth, to a stick, and waved it to the crowd as a flag. She was arrested on that day and was released temporary on bail a month later, on 28 January 2018. Some people interpreted Movahed's action as being based on Masih Alinejad's call for White Wednesdays, a protest movement that the presenter at VOA Persian Television started in early 2017. Other women later re-enacted her protest and posted photos of their actions on social media. These women are described as the "Girls of Enghelab Street" and "The Girls Of Revolution Street" in English sources. Some of the protesters however claim that they were not following Masih Alinejad's call. The protests intensified in 2022 due to the death of Mahsa Amini.

When he started the Marathon of Hope, Fox had to run through very bad weather. He ran through strong wind, rain, and snow before he got to Channel-Port aux Basques. The 10,000 people in the town cheered for him. They gave him $10,000. During the run, Fox got angry at people he thought were stopping him from running. He also got mad at Alward. Fox's brother, Darrell, joined them when they got to Nova Scotia. This was so Fox did not get mad at Alward as much.When he ran through Quebec, Fox had many problems because he could not speak French. Many people driving cars also tried to get him off the road. Fox got to Montreal on June 22. By the time he was in Montreal, people had given $200,000 to cancer research. The creator of Four Seasons Hotel and Resorts, Isadore Sharp, let Fox's group stay at his hotel and get food. He also said he was going to donate $2 for every mile Fox ran. Sharp got almost 1,000 other people to also do this. This was because Sharp's son died of cancer, so he wanted Fox to finish his run. The Canadian Cancer Society told Fox that more people would donate to cancer research if he got to Ottawa on Canada Day (July 1). He stayed in Montreal for a few more days to do this.
Fox came to Ontario on June 28. Many people were on the roads to cheer for him. The Ontario Provincial Police protected him with police cars while he ran. Even though it was very hot, he still ran 26 miles (42 km) every day. When he got to Ottawa, he met Pierre Trudeau, the Prime Minister of Canada. He was also honored at many sports games in the city. He did a kickoff (kicking the ball from the middle of the field to start a football game) at a Canadian Football League game. Fox was excited that he was being honored.

In 2017,the Syrian National Army was formed, the group was named the "Turkish-Backed Syrian Free Army". A lot of the Free Syrian Army fighters joined the Syrian National Army, since they have better gear, and more ammunitions. And they were funded by Turkey, and use Turkish weapons and operated Turkish vehicles such as the FNSS ACV-15. And also funded by the with weapons U.S made such as the BGM-71 TOW and Mk-19s.
The Free Syrian Army has received aid from nations such as the United States and Qatar, each nation has a different purpose of supporting the Free Army, some nations have cut their funding to the Free Syrian Army, and stopped contact with the Free Army.
As soon as the Syrian Civil War started, the Gulf States (Saudia Arabia, Qatar, Bahrain, and Kuwait) funded the Free Syrian Army and other opposition groups, so they can overthrow the Assad regime and stop Iran from influencing Saudia Arabia, and other Gulf States. The United States told the Gulf States to stop funding as the funded Islamist Jihad groups like Al-Nusra Front and such.
Turkey has funded the Free Syrian Army since 2011, they allowed defected officers to live in Turkey. And gave them weapons, gear and such. And when Turkey joined the Syrian Civil War officially in 2016, and in 2017, they made the "Turkish-Backed Free Syrian Army" or the Syrian National Army. And funded the group with weapons, vehicles, tanks and such. 
In 2014 under the Obama Administration, the United States's operation was code-named "Train and Equip Programme" and selected certain Syrian Opposition groups, the Free Syrian Army was one of the groups, and sent over $500,000,000 to the Free Syrian Army, and the CIA trained the Free Syrian Army and other groups. 157 troops were trained by the CIA.

Antonio Prohias (January 17, 1921 – February 24, 1998) was a Cuban-born cartoonist. He is best known as the creator of Spy vs. Spy. The running gag is of two incompent spies-one in black clothing-one in white clothing-who consisity try to outdo each other in comic mayhem. Although one comic only identies their countries as Black/White another one tells their nationalities are given in an International border cartoon in which the Black Spy from the "East" tries to sneak over to the "West" [Guarded by the "White Spy."]-although a later cartoon identies their countries as "Black SpyLand" (and presumedly "White Spyland") Likewise the Spys parents and their Children are cloathed as Black/white Miniature copies of their fathers Even in childhood and old age the two spys began their mayhem against one another-although their feuding goes back to Caveman times and the Roman Empire In the Spy Vs Spy World even innocenet human bystanders toys and the Spys animals are cloathed in Black/White They even have their own Spy Cemeteries [ID only as Agent Number but no names]; and Fan Clubs; their newspapers are called "Spy News" The Spys weopons could be anything-from antique Biplanes to Jets Each spy would be attached to either their own embassy or their respective Spy Hq-a running gag is that each spy would try to steal secrets from the enemy spy embassy On occasion Prohias would introduce a variation in which one Spy would embaress -but not kill-the enemy spy Other variations-more than One spy of the same color vs enemy Spy; and occasionally the introduction of a third Spy..the femme fatalee female "Grey Spy" would always trick the two love struck bumblers to their doom. In Honor of St Patricks Day another Spy was introduced the "Green Spy". When "Mad Magazine" had its own TV Show they would show 3D Cartoons of Spy Vs Spy shorts. After Prohias demise the Cartoon has been drawn by Kupper

Judith returned to France the widow of her own stepson. To avoid scandal her father was keeping her under close guard at his castle at Senlis. He was looking for a new husband for her so she could be quietly married. Baldwin was already a count, probably at Ghent. He was in Senlis in early 862. Baldwin either abducted or convinced Judith to run off with him. The fact she slipped out of the castle dressed as a peasant girl seems to point to her cooperation. She also had help from her brother Lewis. When her father discovered what had happened he was furious. He was furious with Lewis as well. Baldwin and Judith fled to the court of Lothair II, king of Lorraine. He was Judith's cousin. Once they were safely out of her father's reach Baldwin married her. This was about 862. King Charles had his bishops excommunicate the couple. He also demanded that his nephew return Baldwin and his daughter Judith to him. At this point Baldwin and Judith wisely fled to Rome. They asked Pope Nicholas I to and their marriage. Baldwin made known his intent to join the Vikings if his marriage was not allowed. Vikings were a constant threat in northern France and Baldwin was needed to help fight them. The pope decided their marriage was valid and had the bishops withdraw their excommunication. Charles the Bald was forced to accept Baldwin as his son-in-law. By her marriage Judith became the first Countess of Flanders. Baldwin was given rule over Flanders with the title of (count of a ) of Flanders. He protected Flanders for the next fifteen years from Vikings. Judith was last known to be living in 870. Baldwin died in 879.

The "hand cannon" was first used in China in 1288. From this early beginning and a number of different guns, the smoothbore Musket was in use in Europe by the 15th century. While it could not fire and reload as fast as an archer and could not be reloaded on horseback, it could penetrate armor. Its greatest advantage over the bow was that anyone could learn to fire a musket in a very short period of time. It took much longer to properly train an archer. The British army used the musket along with pikemen until about 1705 when the pikes were abandoned. In 1722 the army adopted a standard musket called the Brown Bess and continued to use it until about the 1830s. Muskets used a round cast ball that was smaller in diameter than the gun barrel. As a consequence, when the musket was fired, the ball bounced along the inside the barrel. When it exited the barrel it could take a variety of paths making the musket inaccurate. So soldiers were massed together very closely and fired in volly (all at the same time). This sent bullets flying generally in the direction of the enemy on the theory that at least some of the bullets would hit some of the soldiers. The smoke from repeated vollies prevented soldiers from seeing what they were shooting at. In the heat of battle, soldiers who wanted reload and fire faster sometimes omitted ramming the bullet and powder into the barrel with the ramrod. Instead, they would try to seat the ball by sharply hitting the butt of the musket on the ground. This reduced the effectiveness even more. Sometimes the bullet would do little more than dribble out of the barrel and travel only a short distance.

An erection () most often refers to an erection of the penis. Erections sometimes occur in the male fetus (the body before birth), and occur naturally in boys from birth onwards. It is normal for the penis to be erect when a male wakes up. This is commonly called morning wood. It is also normal for male teenagers and men to have an erection several times per night when sleeping. It is widely believed that a man's penis needs to be erect in order for him to take part in sexual intercourse and penetrate his partner's vagina and to ejaculate semen, but all are possible without an erection. In a healthy male, an erection will usually occur if the man is sexually aroused (made sexually excited) or stimulated. This can happen if he is touched sexually, or even if he is not touched – for example, if he sees a naked person or thinks about having sex with someone else. Erections can also occur without thinking about sex or being touched. Most boy teenagers have unexpected erections. This is normal. Erections happen several times during the night. This happens to all healthy adult males of all ages. This also happens when a man wakes up. That is normal too. Tissues in the penis called the corpus spongiosum penis and corpora cavernosa penis fill with blood, causing the penis to become longer, thicker, harder and to stand upright. A man's erection usually stops if he is no longer sexually aroused, or after he has had an orgasm and has ejaculated. An erection will usually not be possible immediately following ejaculation, although adolescent males may be able to achieve erections immediately following ejaculation. The time period during which an erection cannot be repeated following ejaculation is called the refractory period. Animals can have an erection.

While British Columbia was "technically" a British colony, it was the private corporation, the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) that really ran the place. The first Governor of Vancouver Island (then a separate colony), actually resigned over the fact that the Queen, had no say, above the interests of the Colony. After him, the next governor of the Island, was also, coincidentally, the head of the HBC's operations in British Columbia and Vancouver Island.
The first major gold rush in British Columbia started in 1858, after gold was discovered, on the upper reaches of the Fraser River. The sudden onslaught of uncouth Americans led to the declaration that British Columbia shall be a crown colony, instead of the unincorporated region it was, after the Oregon spat. James Douglas was appointed the governor of the newly formed colony, as well as the Colony of Vancouver Island, and for military convenience, the Capital of British Columbia was declared Queensboro, then renamed New Westminster. As massive numbers of Americans came, fears that the Americans would try to bluster themselves another chunk of territory became more and more concrete. Thus, a contingent of Royal Engineers and Marines were deployed to New Westminster. To this day, the neighbourhood of Sapperton, is known, for its history as a site of the barracks for the Engineers, nicknamed the Sappers. The infrastructure ordered by James Douglas, to support the vast amount of capital flowing from the gold industry, caused high debt for British Columbia. By 1864, British Columbia was £200,000 in debt, plus an additional £18,000, from various spats with natives, and constant policing required to maintain law and order. Its vast amount of gold was useless, while BC was in debt. British Columbia amalgamated with Vancouver Island, forming one super-colony. Vancouver Island would undertake the debt, and British Columbia's capital would be in Victoria.

The reunion dinners on the day before Chinese New Year are often the largest and most expensive of the year. Some families use special and expensive foods to gain face; others use meaningful foods to bring luck. Jiaozi (a kind of dumpling) are common in northern China. People think they look like the old Chinese silver bars and hold luck inside. Egg rolls and spring rolls like lumpia can also be made to look like golden bars, and oranges and tangerines are thought to look like gold coins. Noodles like "yimian" or Filipino pansit are eaten uncut to wish for long life. Some dishes are eaten because their Chinese names sound like lucky words, such as "fish" and "well-off". In Cantonese, "vegetable" sounds the same as "having money" ("choy") and "leek" sounds the same as "counting-and-planning" ("suan"). Because of this Cantonese people in China and in other countries try to have some during the New Year holidays. Niangao, called "tikoy" in the Philippines, is a kind of cake made from fried sticky rice and sugar. It is very common in southern China. In Chinese, its name sounds like "nián gāo" ("the year gets better") or "niánnián gāoshēng" ("getting better year after year"). Some people also think its stickiness is like a glue and use it as a wish for holding their family together. Indonesians call their niangao "basket cakes" because they mold theirs in bamboo baskets. They also have some special flavors in addition to vanilla and chocolate like pandan, a tree with good-smelling leaves. Some people fry tikoy with eggs; basket cakes are often steamed with pieces of coconut meat. Because most Chinese people in the Philippines speak Hokkien and not Mandarin Chinese, they also like to eat pineapples. In Hokkien, the word for "pineapple" sounds like the word for "having a lot of money".

Despite moderate wind shear, convection soon wrapped around the southeastern side of the low-level circulation. By 21:00 UTC on August 5, the CPHC upgraded the system to a tropical storm, despite continued wind shear. Wind shear quickly decreased, triggering a period of rapid intensification. By the afternoon of August 6, Genevieve intensified to a low-end Category 1 hurricane; the system also developed a central dense overcast and well-organized banding around the newly-developed eye. Passing over very warm ocean temperatures, Genevieve rapidly intensified accelerated that evening. Based on advanced Dvorak technique estimates of as well as the presence of a very well-defined eye surrounded by very cold cloud tops, the CPHC upgraded the hurricane into Category 4 intensity on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale early on the next day.
Genevieve crossed the International Date Line at 06:00 UTC on August 7, entering the area of responsibility of the RSMC Tokyo operated by the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA). The JMA recognized Genevieve as a typhoon with ten-minute maximum sustained winds at 115 mph (185 km/h). The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) also upgraded Genevieve to a super typhoon. Only six hours later, the JTWC reported that Genevieve had reached Category 5 status with one-minute sustained winds at 160 mph (260 km/h), with a microwave imagery revealing a diameter eyewall with a convective band over the south quadrant. As Genevieve continued to remain in a favorable environment with radial outflow and low vertical wind shear, the JMA indicated that the typhoon about 760 mi (1220 km) east-southeast of Wake Island had reached its peak intensity late on August 7, with ten-minute maximum sustained winds at 125 mph (205 km/h).

In this book Eragon, with his dragon Saphira visits the elf city Ellesmera to complete his training. He is accompanied by a dwarf Orik and the elf, Arya. Here he finds out that the mysterious Mourning Sage had been another rider named Oromis, and his dragon Glaedr. Oromis is an Elf and is very old so he cannot fight Galbatorix but he can teach Eragon and Saphira. Eragon now has his own disability; his back pains him very much when ever he fights or exerts himself. During his stay, in a celebration of the elves the dragons grant Eragon with a gift, he is transformed, gaining the physical features of an elf. His back is also healed. He becomes much faster, stronger and his lessons become easier. His training is disrupted by news that the Varden are being attacked by a huge army sent by Galbatorix. Eragon goes to their aid and helps them in battle and has an encounter with another dragon rider and his red dragon. The Rider turns out to be Murtagh. Galbatorix had captured him after the battle in Farthen Dur and when a dragon hatched for him, Galbatorix made them swear oaths in the Ancient Language (so they cannot break them) that they would only serve him. They are bound by their oath to try and capture Eragon and Saphira. Eragon loses but Murtagh leaves him because he has "tried", telling him that Galbatorix will make sure Murtagh's oaths are stronger next time. He takes Za'roc from Eragon, because it was Morzan's sword. He also tells Eragon they are brothers and that Eragon is also the son of Morzan.

Since 1947, there have been 14 different prime ministers. The first few decades after 1947 saw the Indian National Congress' (INC) almost complete domination over the political map of India. India's first prime minister—Jawaharlal Nehru—took oath on 15 August 1947. Nehru went on to serve as prime minister for 17 consecutive years, winning four general elections in the process. His tenure ended in May 1964, on his death. After the death of Nehru, Lal Bahadur Shastri—a former home minister and a leader of the Congress party—ascended to the position of prime minister. Shastri's tenure saw the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965. Shashtri subsequently died of a reported heart attack in Tashkent, after signing the Tashkent Declaration.
After Shastri, Indira Gandhi—Nehru's daughter—was elected as the country's first woman prime minister. Indira's first term in office lasted 11 years, in which she took steps such as nationalisation of banks; end of allowances and political posts, which were received by members of the royal families of the erstwhile princely states of British India. In addition, events such as the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971; the establishment of a sovereign Bangladesh; accession of Sikkim to India, through a referendum in 1975; and India's first nuclear test in Pokhran occurred during Indira's first term. In 1975, President Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed—on Indira's advice—imposed a state of emergency, therefore, bestowing the government with the power to rule by decree, the period is known for human right violations.
After widespread protests, the emergency was lifted in 1977, and a general election was to be held.

The words of Muranaga's citation explain:
Private First Class Kiyoshi K. Muranaga distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 26 June 1944, near Suvereto, Italy. Private First Class Muranaga's company encountered a strong enemy force in commanding positions and with superior firepower. An enemy 88mm self-propelled gun opened direct fire on the company, causing the men to disperse and seek cover. Private First Class Muranaga's mortar squad was ordered to action, but the terrain made it impossible to set up their weapons. The squad leader, realizing the vulnerability of the mortar position, moved his men away from the gun to positions of relative safety. Because of the heavy casualties being inflicted on his company, Private First Class Muranaga, who was a gunner, attempted to neutralize the 88mm weapon alone. Voluntarily remaining at his gun position, Private First Class Muranaga manned the mortar himself and opened fire on the enemy gun at a range of approximately 400 yards. With his third round, he was able to correct his fire so that the shell landed directly in front of the enemy gun. Meanwhile, the enemy crew, immediately aware of the source of mortar fire, turned their 88mm weapon directly on Private First Class Muranaga's position. Before Private First Class Muranaga could fire a fourth round, an 88mm shell scored a direct hit on his position, killing him instantly. Because of the accuracy of Private First Class Muranaga's previous fire, the enemy soldiers decided not to risk further exposure and immediately abandoned their position. Private First Class Muranaga's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

In 1847 pioneer Jane Dillworth held the first classes in her tent for the children of the first LDS families. In the last part of the 19th century, there was much controversy over how children in the area should be educated. LDS and non-LDS parents could not agree on the level of religious influence in schools. Today, many LDS youths in grades 9 through 12 attend some form of religious instruction, referred to as seminary. Students are released from public schools at various times of the day to attend seminary. LDS seminaries are usually located on church-owned property adjacent to the public school and within walking distance.
Because of high birth rates and large classrooms, Utah spends less per student than any other state. At the same time, Utah spends more per capita than any state with the exception of Alaska. Recently, money was approved for the reconstruction of more than half of the elementary schools and one of the middle schools in the Salt Lake City School District, which serves most of the area within the city limits. There are twenty-three K-6 elementary schools, five 7-8 middle schools, three 9-12 high schools (Highland, East, and West, with the former South High being converted to the South City campus of the Salt Lake Community College), and an alternative high school (Horizonte) located within the school district. In addition, Highland has recently been selected as the site for the charter school Salt Lake School for the Performing Arts (SPA). Many Catholic schools are located in the city, including Judge Memorial High School. Rowland Hall-St. Mark's School, established in 1867 by Episcopal Bishop Daniel Tuttle, is the area's premier independent school.

Between 1964 and 1977, Carlos Alberto Torres was capped 53 times and scored eight goals with Brazil. In 1966, he was on the list of forty-four players likely to participate in the 1966 FIFA World Cup but he was not retained in the final list of twenty-two players. At this edition of the World Cup, in England, Brazil is eliminated in the group stages. When João Saldanha is responsible for restoring the image of the Selecao, he recognizes Carlos Alberto's ability to lead a team and decides to make him the new captain of Brazil. His extroverted character is also suitable for taking on this role of leader of the group. He is therefore the captain of the Brazilian team that won the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico. Despite his position at fullback, Carlos Alberto scored the last goal in the final against Italy - on a blind pass from Pelé. This goal is considered one of the best scored in the competition. 1970 was the best year of his career with Brazil. He couldn't participate in the 1974 World Cup because of a persistent knee injury. When he regains a certain physical form, his speed has decreased markedly. Nevertheless, his vision of the game which makes it possible to compensate for his low speed, allows him to occupy the position of central defender. After some return to form, he was selected again with Brazil. In 1977, his coach Cláudio Coutinho called him up to captain the Selecao in the first three qualifying matches for the 1978 World Cup. He performs well despite seven years of absence in the national team. He is approaching 33 when he retires from international duty and immediately joins the New York Cosmos. Even today, he is considered one of the best players to have worn the colors of Brazil.

The conflict started as a small insurgency. It spread to most parts of the area within a year. By the summer of 2019, the government controlled the major cities and parts of the countryside. The separatists controlled parts of the countryside. They were also seen often in the major cities. A year later, clearly-defined frontlines had formed. Cameroonian army would raid separatist-controlled towns and villages, but it would not try to recapture them. Its main concern was securing the major urban areas. The Cameroonian government is supported by Nigeria. Some separatist groups are supported by Biafran separatists.
Thousands of people have been killed in the war. More than half a million people have had to leave their homes. In 2019, talk took place bewteen Cameroon and the separatists for the first time. special status was given to the Anglophone regions. Despite this the war continued to intensify in late 2019. The 2020 Cameroonian parliamentary election cause more problems. The separatists became more assertive while Cameroon sent more forces. The COVID-19 pandemic saw one group declare a ceasefire to fight the spread of the virus. other groups and the Cameroonian government ignored this and kept fighting.
There has been very few tries at negotiating. Switzerland tried in 2019 but they failed. Separatist leaders who were returned to Cameroon from Nigeria in 2018 were sent to prison for life. There was growing international pressure for an end to the conflict. In July 2020 Cameroon began talking with these imprisoned leaders. The talks were held between Sisiku Julius Ayuk Tabe and other imprisoned leaders and representatives of the Cameroonian government.

The balance of power was shifted in favour of anti-Communists in December 1965, when personnel from both the Army Para-commando Regiment and 5th Brawijaya Military Region units arrived in Bali after having carried out killings in Java. Led by Suharto's principal troubleshooter, Sarwo Edhie Wibowo who with Javanese military commanders permitted Balinese squads (led by Anwar Congo, Adi Zulkadry, Safit Pardede) to kill until reined in. In contrast to Central Java where the Army encouraged people to kill the "Gestapu", Bali's eagerness to kill was so tremendous and spontaneous that, having provided logistic support initially, the Army eventually had to step in to prevent chaos. Sukarno's choice of Bali's provincial governor, Suteja, was recalled from office and accused of preparing a communist uprising, and his relatives were tracked down and killed. A series of killings similar to those in Central and East Java were led by black-shirted PNI youth. For several months, militia death squads went through villages capturing suspects and taking them away. Hundreds of houses belonging to communists and their relatives were burnt down within one week of the reprisal crusade, with occupants being butchered as they ran from their homes. An early estimate suggested that 50,000 people, including women and children, were killed in this operation alone. The population of several Balinese villages were halved in the last months of 1965. All the Chinese shops in the towns of Singaraja and Denpasar were destroyed and many of their owners who were alleged to have financially supported the "Gestapu" killed. Between December 1965 and early 1966, an estimated 80,000 Balinese were killed, roughly 5% of the island's population at the time, and proportionally more than anywhere else in Indonesia. Most of the people killed had little to do with Communist Party or other allegations thrown at them.

In the "Mario Kart" series, players compete in go-kart races, controlling one of a selection of characters from the "Mario" franchise. Up to eight participants can compete in each race, with the exception of "Mario Kart Wii", which holds twelve. One of the features of the series is the use of various power-up items obtained by driving into item boxes laid out on the course. These power-ups include mushrooms to give players a speed boost, Koopa Shells to be thrown at opponents, and banana peels that can be laid on the track as hazards. The type of weapon received from an item box is random and often influenced by the player's position in the race. For example, players lagging far behind may receive more powerful items while the leader will only receive small defensive items. This gameplay mechanic–called "rubber banding"– allows other players or computers a realistic chance to eat up the leading player no matter how far ahead they are. As the series has progresses, each new title has introduced new elements in order to keep the gameplay fresh. Changes typically include new items, new stages, and new methods of obtaining speed boosts, but most games have also featured a new play mechanic as well. Changes new titles have brought to the series include: "Mario Kart 64" introducing 4-player racing and bringing the series into the third dimension, "'s" introducing a partner system and the Double Dash!!, "Mario Kart Wii's" use of motorbikes and twelve participants per race, and the newest entry into the franchise, "Mario Kart 7", featuring hang gliders, submarines and a new first-person perspective as well as customizing karts.

The Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) is the confederation of countries that used to form the Soviet Union.
On December 8, 1991, leaders of Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine met at the nature reserve called Belovezhskaya Pushcha in Belarus. They discussed the creation of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) in place of the Soviet Union. They reached an agreement about many points and signed a document creating the CIS. One of these points stated that the alliance would be open to all the republics of the Soviet Union. Other nations with similar goals could also join the CIS.
The Soviet Union had 15 republics: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Russia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Georgia, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. On 6th September 1991, the Soviet Union had recognized the independence of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania. Out of the remaining 12 republics, all (except Georgia) joined the CIS. Before joining the CIS, on 21st December 1991, leaders of these 11 countries had met in Kazakhstan to accept the original CIS agreement of 8th December 1991. Because Ukraine did not ratify the CIS agreement in the national parliament, it never became an official member of the CIS, but nevertheless participated as a de facto member. In December 1993, Georgia also joined the CIS. On 26th August 2006 Turkmenistan left the permanent membership, and became an associate member. On 15th August 2008 Georgia left the CIS membership, and Georgia's CIS membership officially ended on 17th August 2009. On 19 May 2018, Ukraine, which stopped participating in CIS in 2014 because of its conflict with Russia over Crimea and the Donbas, formally ended all participation in CIS.

The University of Kansas started a men's basketball program in 1898, following Naismith's arrival. This was only six years after he had invented the game. He was employed as chapel director and physical education instructor. In these early days, most basketball games were played against nearby YMCA teams. The YMCA's across the nation played a very important part in the birth of basketball. Other common opponents were Haskell Indian Nations University and William Jewell College. With Naismith as coach, the team played only three current Big 12 schools: Nebraska (six times), Missouri (twice), and Kansas State (once). Naismith was, ironically, the only coach in the program's history to have a losing record (55–60). However, he coached Forrest "Phog" Allen, who took over as coach at Kansas. Allen was also added to the Basketball Hall of Fame. When Allen became a coach himself and told him that he was going to coach basketball at Baker University in 1904, Naismith said to him: "You can't coach basketball; you just play it." Allen began a coaching career that would lead him to be known as "the Father of Basketball Coaching." During his time at Kansas, Allen coached Dean Smith (1952 National Championship team) and Adolph Rupp (1922 Helms Foundation National Championship team). When Dean Smith retired as head Basketball coach at North Carolina he had the most wins in college basketball history, second was Adolph Rupp (Kentucky) and third was Allen. The three coaches have joined Naismith as members of the Basketball Hall of Fame.

Schistosomiasis, also known as snail fever and bilharzia, is a disease caused by parasitic flatworms called schistosomes. The urinary tract or the intestines may be infected. Symptoms include abdominal pain, diarrhea, bloody stool, or blood in the urine. Those who have been infected for a long time may experience liver damage, kidney failure, infertility, or bladder cancer. In children, it may cause poor growth and learning difficulty.
The disease is caused by contact with fresh water containing the parasites. These parasites are from infected freshwater snails. The disease is very common among children in developing countries, as they are more likely to play in water. Other high-risk groups include farmers, fishermen, and people using unclean water. It is a helminth infections. Eggs of the parasite may be found in urine or stool. Antibodies may also be found in the blood.
To prevent the disease use clean water and reduce snails. The medicine praziquantel may be given once a year to everybody. This will decrease the number of people infected. Praziquantel is also the treatment recommended by the World Health Organization for those who are known to be infected.
Schistosomiasis affected about 252 million people in 2015. An estimated 4,400 to 200,000 people die from it each year. The disease is mainly found in Africa, Asia, and South America. About 700 million people, in more than 70 countries, live where the disease is common. In tropical countries, schistosomiasis causes a great economic problem. Schistosomiasis is listed as a neglected tropical disease.

During Comic-Con 2009, numerous sixth-season reports were made. Carlton Cuse stated both the time travel and flash-forward seasons were over, and they were moving into something different for the sixth season. Josh Holloway stated his character Sawyer would revert to his old self after the loss of Juliet. Though Cuse and Lindelof stated that the Dharma Initiative would no longer play a large role in the show, they have said that the "Dharma-Michigan connection" would play a significant role in season six. Lindelof stated that the producers had a direct hand in the production of the season six promotional poster that was first displayed at Comic-Con, and that everything in it was intentional; he also made a reference to the Abbey Road cover in connection to the poster. Season six was the first and only season of Lost ever to not feature any kind of preview or official promotional material such as sneak peeks and promo pictures for future episodes since the Lost producers considered any single frame from the first episodes to be too revealing. According to Lindelof, "even a single scene from the show would basically tip what it is we're doing this year, and what it is we're doing this year is different than what we've done in other years." Lindelof has also emphasized that the flashes-sideways are important, stating "People are saying [they] don't need these stories and all we can say is they're absolutely 100 percent necessary to tell the story of Lost, and hopefully by the end of the season it will be more obvious as to why." He also noted that the term "flash-sideways" was deliberately used instead of "alternate reality" because viewers might otherwise "infer that one of them isn't real, or one of them is real and the other is the alternate to being real." When asked to describe the last three episodes, Lindelof said "Water."

Many prime-time programs of the 1970s were run by independent producers, often in association with a major Hollywood studio. A particularly successful independent producer at the dawn of the decade was Quinn Martin. Martin produced crime shows such as "The Streets of San Francisco", "Cannon", and "Dan August". The latter show was a one-season cop series, starring Burt Reynolds, that would find greater popularity after its star had hit it big at the cinema. Martin's success faded during the last half of the decade. Norman Lear produced the socially relevant "All in the Family" as well as more innocuous fare such as "One Day at a Time". Jack Webb oversaw "Adam-12" and "Emergency!." Glen A. Larson produced a number of shows in association with Universal TV "("McCloud", "Switch", etc.), "while David Gerber made a name for himself with such fare as Police Woman and Police Story. The latter was a one-hour anthology series with no series regulars. Among 1970s TV producers, was Aaron Spelling. He would go on to be perhaps, according to an article written by Michael Idato for The Sydney Morning Herald, "the most prolific producer in TV history." Like Quinn Martin, Spelling was known for producing crime dramas (S.W.A.T., Starsky & Hutch). Spelling also produced more escapist shows like The Love Boat, Fantasy Island, and Charlie's Angels. There was also Family, a socially relevant hour-long series. It would win a number of Emmys during its four-year run. Spelling's success would continue well into the 1990s.

The Fertile Crescent (an area now mostly in Iraq, Syria and Turkey) was the first place where humans learned to farm. China and New Guinea were also early places where humans learned to farm. Later, farming also began in other regions. However, some regions had more useful crops than others. Crops were more useful if they had more nutritious, meaning they had things like proteins that humans need from their food. They were also more useful if they were easier to grow and were less likely to fail in bad weather. This is why crops from the Fertile Crescent and China spread a long way, while those from New Guinea did not spread far from the island.
Farming was a big change. In a farming society, more people could live in the same area ("population density") than a hunter-gatherer society. This is why they could easily take over the lands of hunter-gatherers, if their crops could grow there. Diamond notes that it was usually easier for crops to spread east or west than north or south, because crops could only grow in a similar climate. Humans from farming societies spread to regions where their crops could grow, such as from the Fertile Crescent to Europe, North Africa and South Asia and from China to the rest of East Asia. Eurasia (Europe and Asia) became home to far more farming societies than the rest of the world, and they had better crops. Meanwhile, these crops could not spread from North Africa into the middle of Africa, and therefore they did not spread to South Africa (where the crops could grow). Meanwhile, until Europeans discovered the Americas, crops from Central America did not spread to South America, and crops from South America did not spread to Central America.

In Chicago at the time of the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition, Holmes opened a hotel which he had designed and built for himself specifically with murder in mind, and which was the location of many of his murders. While he confessed to 27 murders, of which nine were confirmed, his actual body count could be as high as from 133 to perhaps 200. It will not be known how many murders Holmes committed as he did not always tell the entire truth of his crimes- for example: he claimed one of his first murder victims was a medical school classmate Dr Robert Leacock in 1886 for insurance money; in fact Dr Leacock died in Watford, Ontario Canada October 5, 1889. Contrary to several accounts Holmes did not kill Dr. E. S. Holton. Likewise Holmes did not kill an alleged "Castle" victim Miss Kate Durkee-who turned out to be very much alive. Ironically one historian noted that one of Holmes creditor's named John DeBrueil died of apoplexy on April 17, 1891, in Holmes "Castle" drugstore-it is unknown if Holmes was involved with his demise. Holmes also had a one-story factory which he claimed was to be used for glass bending. It is unknown if the factory furnace was ever actually used for glass bending-or to cremate incriminating evidence of Holmes crimes. Holmes usual murder method was by suffocation of his victims including: an overdose of chloroform; overexposure to lighting gas fumes; trapped in an airless vault to give some examples. Holmes also claimed to have used starvation and burning victiums alive in his "castle"

Unit 731 was a biological and chemical warfare research and development unit of the Imperial Japanese Army. It engaged in lethal human experimentation during the Second Sino-Japanese War (World War II). It was responsible for some of the most notorious . Unit 731 was based in the Pingfang district of Harbin, the largest city in the Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo until 1945 when the Soviet Union invaded in what would be known as The Soviet Invasion Of Manchuria Of 1945. It was active throughout China and Southeast Asia. Estimates of those killed by Unit 731 and its related programs range up to half a million people killed on the orders of the camp's director Shirō Ishii.
It was officially known as the Epidemic Prevention and Water Purification Department of the Kwantung Army. Originally set up by the military police of the Empire of Japan, Unit 731 was taken over and commanded until the end of the war by General Shirō Ishii, a combat medic officer in the Kwantung Army. The program received generous support from the Japanese government until the end of the war in 1945. Unit 731 and other units operated biological weapon production, testing, deployment, and storage facilities. They routinely conducted tests on human beings (who were internally referred to as "logs"). Additionally, biological weapons were tested in the field on cities and towns in China. 
While Unit 731 researchers arrested by Soviet forces were put on trial, those captured by the United States were secretly given immunity in exchange for the data gathered during their experiments. The Americans coopted the researchers' bioweapons information and experience for use in their own biological warfare program, much as they had done with German researchers in .

From 1973 until 1997 the Hill Tracts area was the scene of a guerrilla war between the Bangladeshi army and the Shanti Bahini rebels. The troubles stemmed from the cultural clash between the tribal groups and the plains people. After nine months of war of separatism against Pakistan, Bangladesh emerged as an independent state on 16 December 1971. The Jumma people then had hoped that the new rulers of Bangladesh would realize their hopes and aspirations. So the Jumma people demanded to the then government for regional autonomy in a democratic way. Unfortunately, the government of Bangladesh did not respect their fundamental rights and did not write even a single word in the Constitution regarding the entity and safeguard of the Jumma people. Rather, immediately following the independence of Bangladesh in early 1972 the CHT underwent militarization. When the democratic movement to safeguard the national existence of the Jumma people was negotiated by the government with repressive measures through the civil and police administrations, including through militarization with the construction of three Army cantonments, it forced Manabendra Narayan Larma, the then MP and the hero of the CHT Jumma movement, to call for an armed struggle. An armed wing of PCJSS was formed with the name of Shanti Bahini (Peace Force). Since 1979 the Government of Bangladesh has undertaken a drastic program to settle the Bengali population from other Districts of Bangladesh to CHT, so that they would outnumber the Jumma people and use them as human shields for the protection of the Army personnel. At least four hundred thousands of Bengali Muslims were transferred into the CHT and settled on Jumma people’s lands.

Having had command of the Army of the Potomac for only three days, and having to deal with a Confederate army which had already invaded Pennsylvania, Meade quickly reorganized his forces. He moved the army towards Gettysburg, Pennsylvania to stop Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia.
With parts of his army already at Gettysburg, Meade arrived late in the day on July 1. He decided to fight a defensive battle. His army held ground just south of Gettysburg. The next day saw some of the bloodiest fighting with the Union army holding the high ground and Lee's army attacking both flanks. Each attack was thrown back. That evening, Meade held a "council of war" with his officers. All said the army should stay and fight the Confederates. On July 3 the Confederates attacked the Union center with about 13,000 men. They broke through the center of the Union line only to be thrown back again. When Lee told General George Pickett to gather his division together and attack again, Picket replied he no longer had a division. They had been nearly wiped out during Pickett's Charge. At that point Lee realized he had been defeated. On July 4, 1863, following three days of battle at Gettysburg, the two armies watched each other from opposing ridges. Meade sent out skirmishers to probe the Confederate lines. But no order was given to attack. Lee was now concerned with getting his army and all their captured supplies back to Virginia. His army held its position while the more than 10,000 wounded men were moved by wagon train to Williamsport, Maryland. The train of wagons and ambulances with the wounded was some long. Meade discovered Lee's army had left the morning of July 5. Meade then ordered his nearly exhausted army to pursue Lee. Since the Potomac River was flooded, Lee's army was delayed in crossing. But by the time Meade's forces reached the Potomac, Lee had already escaped back into Virginia.

When he was 14, Nostradamus succesfully passed the test and was accepted to attend the University of Avignon. He attended the university to study for his "baccalauréat". In the university, he studied "trivium", rhetoric, and logic, rather than something more advanced. It was only later in time, that universities had studies more advanced, such as "quadrivium", astronomy, and astrology. He only studied in the university for more than one year, when the university closed due to a plague outbreak. All of the inhabitants of Avignon were forced to leave. According to Nostradamus' journals, as a result of the plague outbreak, after he left Avignon, he escaped to the countryside for 8 years, where he worked as a medical researcher starting from 1521. By 1529, when Nostradamus was already a apothecary for some years, he successfully passed the test and was accepted to enter the University of Montpelier to study for a doctorate in medicine, but shortly after his attendance, he was expelled by the student "procurator", Guillaume Rondelet, when it was discovered he worked as a apothecary. Back in the day, apothecaries were banned from attending universities in France because it was considered a "manual trade" and had been slandering physicians. The explosion document still exists in the university's library. Some of his publishers and correspondents would later call him a "doctor". After his explusion, Nostradamus still continued working, though it is disputed whether he was still a apothecary (after he got expelled), and succesfully invented a "rose pill". Some people believe that the pill was used to protect people from the plague.
In 1531, Nostradamus was invited by Jules-César Scaliger, a leading Renaissance scholar, to come to Agen. There , he married a woman with whom he had two children. The name of that woman is disputed. Three years later in 1534, his wife and two children died from unknown causes (some people believe they died from the plague). After their deaths, he continued to travel, passing through France. Some people speculate that he may have even traveled to Italy, during this time. He returned to his hometown only in 1545.

EXO is a boy group of South Korea formed by S.M. Entertainment in 2011. At the beginning of 2012 it was formed completely. It was previously composed of twelve members, separated into two sub-groups, EXO-K and EXO-M. Each subgroup sings songs in either Korean or Mandarin. EXO gained popularity with the release of their first studio album, entitled "XOXO" (2013), which resulted in successes "Wolf" and "Growl". They were awarded a 'Disk Daesang' at 28th Golden Disk Awards and 'Album of the Year' in 15th Mnet Asian Music Awards. The album sold more than one million copies. EXO is the South Korean artist with more sales than any other within a period of twelve years. Their third mini-album called Overdose (2014), positioned at the top of the "Billboard" 200. EXO was later named as the most influential celebrity of Korea throughout 2014 by Forbes Korea. In 2015, their second studio album, "EXODUS" gave them the highest position on "Billboard" 200 albums lists, as well as a K-pop album with the highest sales in the first week. The first single "Call Me Baby" was the first song of K-pop in the Canadian Hot 100. "EXODUS" sold more than 1 million copies, EXO also earned the nickname of "double million seller". Their fourth mini-album, "Sing for You" (2015), earned a record in its first week selling more than 267,900 copies. EXO was said to be the celebrity most influential in 2015 by Forbes Korea. In May 2014, Kris filed a lawsuit against S.M. Entertainment to terminate his contract with the agency. Luhan did the same in November 2014. In April 2015, Tao followed the same steps as Kris and Luhan in August 2015. Following the departure of three members, EXO now has nine members.

Around 1933–1934, the Yadavs joined with the Kurmis and Koeris to form the Triveni Sangh, a caste federation that by 1936 claimed to have a million supporters. This coalition followed an alliance for the 1930 local elections which fared badly at the polls. The new grouping had little electoral success: it won a few seats in the 1937 elections but was stymied by a two-pronged opposition which saw the rival Congress wooing some of its more wealthy leading lights to a newly formed unit called the ""Backward Class Federation"" and an effective opposition from upper castes organised to keep the lower castes in their customary place. Added to this, the three putatively allied castes were unable to set aside their communal rivalries and the Triveni Sangh also faced competition from the All India Kisan Sabha, a peasant-oriented socio-political campaigning group run by the Communists. The appeal of the Triveni Sangh had waned significantly by 1947 but had achieved a measure of success away from the ballot box, notably by exerting sufficient influence to bring an end to the begar system of forced unpaid labour and by providing a platform for those voices seeking reservation of jobs in government for people who were not upper castes. Many years later, in 1965, there was an abortive attempt to revive the defunct federation.
In the post Mandal phase Kurmi, Koeri and Yadav, the three backward castes who constitute the upper-OBC due to their advantageous position in the socio-economic sphere of agrarian society became the new political elite of the state.

Another popular practice on Čahāršanba-sūrī is fortune telling from a jug (fāl-e kūza, fāl-e bolūnī), usually one with a wide mouth (bolūnī). 
Burning rue seeds (esfand) or frankincense (kondor) at parties on the eve of Čahāršanba-sūrī is a widespread practice in most regions of Persia. It is considered a necessary precaution against the evil eye and malevolent spirits, devils, and genies (cf. above on fumigation to avoid the evil eye). While rue and a small amount of salt are thrown on the fire the people recite rhymes, which, though varying with the local dialects, usually go something like this: “Rue shrubs and rue seeds (esfandūne, i.e., esfand-dāna), rue shrubs with thirty-three seeds (dūne), rue shrubs know themselves; let them blast (be-tarkūne, i.e., be-tarakānad) the jealous eye” (or “the evil eye”).
The festival has its origin in ancient Iranian rituals. The ancient Iranians celebrated the festival of Hamaspathmaedaya (), the last five days of the year in honor of the spirits of the dead. This is today referred to as "Farvardinegan". They believed that the spirits of the dead would come for reunion. The seven holy immortals () were honored, and were bidden a formal ritual farewell at the dawn of the New Year. The festival also coincided with festivals celebrating the creation of fire and humans. By the time of the Sasanian Empire, the festival was divided into two distinct pentads. They are known as the lesser and the greater . The belief had gradually developed that the "lesser " belonged to the souls of children and those who died without sin, while the "greater " was for all souls.

During the Belgian Grand Prix, Verstappen collided with Räikkönen at the first corner, pushed Vettel, Räikkönen and Pérez wide at "Les Combes", and aggressively blocked Räikkönen on the Kemmel straight. Verstappen was criticised for his driving, with Räikkönen saying that he "was going to cause a huge accident sooner or later." Christian Horner noted that the driving was "on the edge", and that Verstappen will "look at it and learn for future races." In September, F1 director Charlie Whiting called in Verstappen for a discussion, and later gave him a 'gentle warning' due to his aggressive driving. However, in October, drivers' concerns about Verstappen's defensive tactics led the FIA to disallow moving under braking.
At the 2016 Brazilian Grand Prix, Verstappen qualified fourth. In a rain affected race, he almost hit the barrier after he slid on the main straight due to a loss of traction, causing oversteer. After an additional tyre change from intermediates back to rain tyres, he ran in 16th place with just 15 laps remaining. Verstappen then made several overtakes in quick succession during the closing laps to eventually finish on the podium in third place. He received considerable praise for his performance: rival team Mercedes' team principal, Toto Wolff, labelled it "The Verstappen Show", and described Verstappen's drive as "physics..being redefined". However, Verstappen came under criticism from four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel, who stated that Verstappen had pushed him off the track at the "Junção" corner late in the race. The race stewards did not share Vettel's view and decided that no reprimand was warranted.

Candace Flynn is having an unusually good day, but then she finds out that her brother Phineas Flynn and stepbrother Ferb Fletcher have built a giant robot made of lint and tries to show it to her mother Linda Flynn to get her to punish them. Linda doesn't even look at it since she's convinced that it (and every other invention Candace told her about) doesn't exist and complains about Candace always telling her that Phineas and Ferb built something impossible. Candace is very sad when she realizes that her mother always thinks she's making stuff up, and Candace tells Phineas that while he's been having a great summer, hers was terrible. Candace is then kidnapped by aliens who tell her she's the saviour of their planet because she breathes out something called Remarkalonium. The alien leader named Super Super Big Doctor is nice to Candace and acts like her friend so when Phineas and Ferb come to rescue their sister, Candace says she won't go back to Earth with them because "I finally found a place where I'm wanted. Where I'm special. Where I'm happy. And a part of me wonders if maybe the reason is that you aren't here". Candace asks Super Super Big Doctor to take her brothers away from where she is, so Super Super Big Doctor locks them in a jail. Candace is angry when she finds out that Super Super Big Doctor did this because Candace actually loves her brothers. Super Super Big Doctor then turns out to be evil and and says that her plan is to get Candace to breathe Remarkalonium on a plant whose spores she uses for mind control to enslave everyone on the planet Feeb-la-oot where she's a dictator and that she kidnapped Candace because she breathes out Remarkalonium which it turns out is actually the alien name for carbon dioxide. Candace tells Super Super Big Doctor that every human breathes out carbon dioxide so Super Super Big Doctor decides to lead an alien invasion of Earth to steal its carbon dioxide and make her plant powerful enough to enslave the galaxy. Candace then teams up with Phineas and Ferb and Dr. Doofenshmirtz to stop Super Super Big Doctor and save the world.

The trio enter the Underworld and cross the River Styx. Persephone takes them to Hades. Percy tries to explain to Hades that he did not steal the bolt. During a resulting chaos, Percy drops his shield, whose handle conceals the missing master bolt, which Hades takes. However, the trio manage to get it back before escaping the Underworld with the rescued Sally, forced to leave Grover behind, in Persephone's "care", as they only had three pearls. They are transported to the top of the Empire State Building, which they learn is the entrance to Olympus. They are confronted by Luke, who reveals himself to have been the real lightning thief. Explaining his hope for new rulers to take over Olympus, he explains that he had hoped that the trio would not escape the Underworld alive. He steals the bolt from Percy and the two fight. After using his water powers to get rid of Luke, Percy arrives in Olympus, where he presents the retrieved bolt, and reveals the truth about Luke. Poseidon explains to Percy the reason why they could not know each other during Percy's childhood, but expresses his love for his son. Percy also requests that Zeus retrieve Grover from the Underworld, to which the god agrees. Percy returns to Camp Half-Blood, where he continues his training, ending the movie in the midst of a clash with Annabeth. After the end credits, a scene shows Sally forcing Gabe out of their apartment and he reads a note on the fridge from Percy that says not to open the fridge. Gabe destroys the lock on the refrigerator and as he opens it, Medusa stares right back at him, and the scene goes black while a crackling noise is heard, showing that Gabe has been turned to stone.

Slenderman was created during a contest on the Something Awful forums in June 2009. The goal was to change photographs using digital manipulation so that the pictures showed something supernatural. On 10 June, a forum poster with the user name "Victor Surge" uploaded two images in black and white. They were photographs of groups of children, to which had been added an obscured figure in the background: a tall, thin man with a blank face. Surge included short stories to go with the images, describing the disappearance of the children in the images. It gave the character the name, "Slenderman":
One of two recovered photographs from the Stirling City Library blaze. Notable for being taken the day which fourteen children vanished and for what is referred to as “Slenderman”. Deformities cited as film defects by officials. Fire at library occurred one week later. Actual photograph confiscated as evidence.<br>
1986, photographer: Mary Thomas, missing since June 13th, 1986.
These stories made it a work of fiction. Other users on the forum developed the character further, adding their own images or stories about "Slenderman". However, is it possible to find supposed records of the monster dating back to the 14th century, a notable example is a medieval German folktale entitled "Der Ritter" ("The Knight" in German), it tells the history of a brave knight appointed by the church to slay a great evil entity who had been stealing children from a local village from around the Black Forest, Württemberg, in Southern Germany, by which some people claim the existence of the entity.

Warded locks are the simplest locks to pick and are picked by inserting a warded lock pick (also called a skeleton key) into the keyhole and turning it as if it were the key. A pick for warded locks can be made by filing down all of the teeth on a regular key except the last one, or for some locks, the last two.
Pin-tumbler and wafer-tumbler locks normally open when the correct key pushes all of the pins or wafers to the shear line. An incorrect key will push the pins or wafers too little or too far. These locks are more difficult to pick than warded locks and are picked by putting tension on the keyhole and pushing the pins or wafers up individually until they reach the shear line. When all of the pins have reached the shear line, the lock will turn as if the key were inserted. Other methods of raising the pins or wafers involve moving an S-shaped pick called a rake through the keyhole to vibrate the pins or wafers to the shear line, or using the pick gun, which bounces the pins to the shear line. It is also possible to pick a pin-tumbler lock with a bump key, which, when struck with a hammer, will bump the pins to the shear line. The force on the hammer should be slightly less than that used for driving a nail, because too much force will break off the head of the key, leaving the rest of the key stuck in the lock. Many newer locks have special pins that make picking more difficult. The special pins are usually spool-shaped and work by wedging into the shear line when pushed up by the pick.

According to Mihran Prgiç Gültekin, the head of the Union of Dersim Armenians, around 75% of the population in villages of Dersim are "converted Armenians." The greater part of hidden Armenians of Dersim, according Gultekin, is afraid that the nationalist regime may be back and may repress them. Currently over 200 families have announce their Armenian descent in Dersim, Gultekin said. In April 2013, Aram Ateşyan, the acting Armenian Patriarch of Istanbul, stated maybe that 90% of Tunceli (Dersim)'s population is of Armenian origin. In 2015, a group of citizens in Dersim (Tunceli) established the Dersim Armenians and Alevis Friendship Association (DERADOST). The opening ceremony of the association was attended by Hüseyin Tunç, then Deputy Mayor of Tunceli, Yusuf Cengiz, President of Tunceli Chamber of Commerce and Industry, representatives of non-governmental organisations and some citizens. On the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide, president of the association Serkan Sariataş said that the state should face its past history as soon as possible. In 2015, 12 crypto-Armenians from Dersim baptized in Istanbul. The districts of Mazgirt, Nazımiye and Çemişgezek had a large Armenian population during the Ottoman period. A large part of this population must have been deported out of Anatolia with the deportation order of 1915. It is likely that the remaining population migrated to Western Anatolia. Through the 20th century, an many of Armenians living in the mountainous region of Dersim had converted to Alevism. During the Armenian genocide, many of the Armenians in the region were saved by their Kurdish neighbors.

In several colonies, the establishment ceased to exist in practice at the Revolution, about 1776; this is the date of legal abolition.
in 1789 the Georgia Constitution was amended as follows:
"Article IV. Section 10. No person within this state shall, upon any pretense, be deprived of the inestimable privilege of worshipping God in any manner agreeable to his own conscience, nor be compelled to attend any place of worship contrary to his own faith and judgment; nor shall he ever be obliged to pay tithes, taxes, or any other rate, for the building or repairing any place of worship, or for the maintenance of any minister or ministry, contrary to what he believes to be right, or hath voluntarily engaged. To do. No one religious society shall ever be established in this state, in preference to another; nor shall any person be denied the enjoyment of any civil right merely on account of his religious principles."
From 1780 Massachusetts had a system which required every man to belong to a church, and permitted each church to tax its members, and did not require that it be a Congregational church. This was objected to, as in practice establishing the Congregational Church, and was abolished in 1833.
Until 1877 the New Hampshire Constitution required members of the State legislature to be of the Protestant religion.
The North Carolina Constitution of 1776 disestablished the Anglican church, but until 1835 the NC Constitution allowed only Protestants to hold public office. From 1835 to 1876 it allowed allowed only Christians (including Catholics) to hold public office. Article VI, Section 8 of the current NC Constitution forbids only atheists from holding public office. Such clauses were held by the United States Supreme Court to be unenforceable in the 1961 case of Torcaso v. Watkins, when the court ruled unanimously that such clauses constituted a religious test incompatible with First and Fourteenth Amendment protections.
Religious Tolerance for Catholics with an Established Church of England were policy in the former Spanish Colonies of East and West Florida while under British rule. East Florida was lost to Spain in 1781.
Religious tolerance for Catholics with an established Church of England were policy in the former Spanish Colonies of East and West Florida while under British rule. East Florida was returned to Spain in 1783.

In 1931, Hugo Cabret is a 12-year-old boy who lives with his father, a widowed, but kind and devoted master clockmaker in Paris. Hugo's father takes him to see movies and he loves the movies of Georges Méliès best of all. Hugo's father is burned alive in a museum fire, and Hugo is taken away by his uncle, an alcoholic watchmaker who is responsible for maintaining the clocks in the railway station of Gare Montparnasse. His uncle teaches him to take care of the clocks, then disappears. Hugo lives between the walls of the station, maintaining the clocks, stealing food and working on his father's most ambitious project: repairing a broken automaton – a mechanical man who is supposed to write with a pen. Hugo steals mechanical parts in the station to repair the automaton, but he is caught by a toy store owner who takes away Hugo's blueprints for the automaton. The automaton is missing one part – a heart–shaped key. Convinced that the automaton contains a message from his father, Hugo goes to desperate lengths to fix the machine. He gains the assistance of Isabelle, a girl close to his age and the goddaughter of the toy shop owner. He introduces Isabelle to the movies, which her godfather has never let her see. Isabelle turns out to have the key to the automaton. When they use the key to activate the automaton, it produces a drawing of a movie scene Hugo remembers his father telling him about. They discover that the movie was created by Georges Méliès, Isabelle's godfather, an early – but now neglected and disillusioned – cinema legend, and that the automaton was a beloved creation of his, from his days as a magician. In the end, the children reconnect Georges with his past and with a new generation of cinema lovers who have come to appreciate his work

Cruithne is in a normal elliptic orbit around the Sun. Its period of revolution around the Sun, about 364 days at present, is almost equal to that of the Earth. Because of this, Cruithne and Earth appear to follow each other in their paths around the Sun. This is why Cruithne is sometimes called "Earth's second moon". However, it does not orbit the Earth and is not a moon. In 2058, Cruithne will come within 13.6 million kilometres of Mars. Cruithne's distance from the Sun and orbital speed vary a lot more than the Earth's, so from the Earth's point of view Cruithne actually follows a kidney bean-shaped horseshoe orbit ahead of the Earth, taking slightly less than one year to complete a circuit of the "bean". Because it takes slightly less than a year, the Earth "falls behind" the bean a little more each year, and so from our point of view, the circuit is not quite closed, but rather like a spiral loop that moves slowly away from the Earth.
After many years, the Earth will have fallen so far behind that Cruithne will then actually be "catching up" on the Earth from "behind". When it eventually does catch up, Cruithne will make a series of annual close approaches to the Earth and gravitationally exchange orbital energy with Earth; this will alter Cruithne's orbit by a little over half a million kilometres so that its period of revolution around the Sun will then become slightly more than a year. The kidney bean will then start to migrate away from the Earth again in the opposite direction — instead of the Earth "falling behind" the bean, the Earth is "pulling away from" the bean. The next such series of close approaches will be centred on the year 2292 — in July of that year, Cruithne will approach Earth to about 12,500,000 kilometres.
After 380 to 390 years or so, the kidney-bean-shaped orbit approaches Earth again from the other side, and the Earth, once more, alters the orbit of Cruithne so that its period of revolution around the Sun is again slightly less than a year (this last happened with a series of close approaches centred on 1902, and will next happen with a series centered on 2676). The pattern then repeats itself.

Angeline and Heidi share a deep bond of friendship ever since Heidi was orphaned and was taken under the custody of Angeline's parents, Abner and Minda. Angeline grows up responsible and compassionate while Heidi, fueled by ambition and envy, secretly detests Angeline and always feels inferior next to her.
Many boys are attracted to Angeline but she falls in love with Marcel. It doesn't take long before Angeline becomes pregnant and gives up on her dreams of becoming a nurse in order to marry Marcel.
Although their marriage is void of happiness, Angeline tries to be an excellent wife to her husband, and takes good care of her in-laws, Romeo and Stella. However, she soon learns that the life she chose is full of lies and betrayals. Adding to her woes is her unexpected miscarriage. She soon discovers that Marcel is cheating on her and shocked to learn of Heidi’s treachery. Angeline is devastated by the thought of being betrayed by the two people closest to her heart.
Marcel decides to end his affair with Heidi but Heidi is already pregnant with his child. He chooses to live with her as Angeline is forced to go back and stay with her parents. But Angeline finds out that she, too, is pregnant with Marcel's child.
Heidi then tries to get rid of that child but ends up drowning Angeline herself by accident. But by a twist of fate, Angeline survives and is back for revenge. She assumes the identity of another woman and seeks out vengeance against Marcel and Heidi. Now, it's time for pay back and Angeline will do everything to taste the bittersweet part of her revenge.

Horrified by his actions, Kenai runs away in guilt, but Koda follows him. Upset, he confesses to Koda that he killed his mother, and the bear cub runs off in grief; an apologetic Kenai then travels to the mountain on his own. Meanwhile. Rutt and Tuke have a fight, but reconcile with each other in front of Koda, prompting him to forgive Kenai. On the mountain, Kenai is attacked by Denahi, but Koda steals his spear. Out of love for the bear cub, Kenai sacrifices himself, and Sitka's spirit transforms him back into a human, much to the surprise of Koda and Denahi. Upon realizing that the cub needs him due to his own mistakes, Kenai asks to be transformed back into a bear, with Denahi's support. Sitka complies, and transforms his brother back to his bear form, and Koda is briefly reunited with his mother's spirit, before she and Sitka depart to the spirit realm. In the end, Kenai lives with the other bears, and gains his title as a man through living as a bear. 
The reaction from movie reviewers was mixed to negative with many panning the movie as copying older Disney movies like "The Lion King" and the 20th Century Fox movie "Ice Age" (although "Brother Bear" began production before "Ice Age" did), while others defended the movie as a different and reasonable variation of the theme. The popular American movie critics Roger Ebert and Richard Roeper have given positive reviews of the movie. However, "Brother Bear" holds a rating of 38% in Rotten Tomatoes, which says that ""Brother Bear" is gentle and pleasant if unremarkable Disney fare, with so-so animation and generic plotting".

Perugia was an Umbrian settlement but first appears in written history as "Perusia", one of the twelve confederate cities of Etruria. It was first mentioned in Q. Fabius Pictor's account, used by Livy, of the expedition carried out against the Etruscans by Fabius Maximus Rullianus in 310 or 309 BC. At that time, a thirty-year "indutiae" (truce) was agreed upon; however, in 295 BC, Perusia took part in the Third Samnite War and was reduced, with Volsinii and Arretium (Arezzo), to seek for peace in the following year.
In 216 and 205 BC, Perugia assisted Rome in the Second Punic War. Little else is known until 41-40 BC, when Lucius Antonius (brother of Mark Antony) took refuge there, in the Roman civil war between Mark Antony and Octavian. Much of ancient Perugia was destroyed by Octavian (later became Emperor Augustus) after a long siege, and its senators were sent to their death. A number of lead bullets used by slingers have been found in and around the city. The city was burnt, we are told, with the exception of the temples of Vulcan and Juno. The huge Etruscan terrace-walls, naturally, can hardly have suffered at all. Afterward, the town, with the territory for a mile round, was allowed to be occupied by whoever came. It must have been rebuilt almost at once, for several bases of statues exist, inscribed with the words ""Augusto sacr(um) Perusia restituta"". However, the town did not become a "colonia", until 251-253 AD, when it was resettled as "Colonia Vibia Augusta Perusia", under the emperor C. Vibius Trebonianus Gallus.

Kurapika is the sole survivor of the Kurta clan, an ethnic group whose irises that turn scarlet in emotional stress, who were slaughtered by the Phantom Troupe to sell their eyes in the black market. Kurapika participates in the Hunter Exam alongside Gon, Leorio and Killua in order to become a Blacklist Hunter and use his achieve to avenge his people by any means. This included aligning himself with the Nostrade mafia family as a bodyguards. He later joins the Zodiacs as the "Rat" at Leorio's recommendation, accepting the position upon being told that Tserriednich Hui Guo Rou has the last batch of scarlet eyes that he needs to retrieve. This leads to his accompanying Woble Hui Guo Rou to the Dark Continent as her bodyguard. Kurapika's Nen affinity is normally Conjuration, creating five chains: "Dowsing Chain: The Guiding Ring Finger" for dowsing and normal attacks, "Chain Jail: The Restraining Middle Finger" which he can only use on Phantom Troupe members, "Holy Chain: Healing
Thumb" heals any injury with the crucifix on the end. "Judgement Chain: Arbiter Little Finger" kills the target should they violent any rule Kurapika imposes, and "Thieving Index Finger: Steal Chain" extract another person' aura and Nen ability. But when Kurapika's eyes turn scarlet, he gains a Specialist affinity that allows him to use the Hatsu "Emperor Time: Absolute Mastery", utilizing 100% of all Nen types but loses an hour of hour from each second he uses it while enhancing his chains' ability like "Stealth Dolphin: Index Finger in Emperor Time".

The city of Lancaster has several museums that preserve its important contributions to society. The Demuth Museum is in the former home of a well-known Lancaster painter named Charles Demuth. Additional art museums include the Lancaster Museum of Art and the Philips Museum of Art on the campus of Franklin & Marshall College. Art students at the state-of-the-art Pennsylvania College of Art and Design present their works at the academy's gallery that is open to the public. The Lancaster County Quilts and Textile Museum celebrates the hand-sewn quilts and other textile items produced by the region's Amish and Mennonite communities. Lancaster also possesses two other museums showing Pennsylvania Dutch heritage with the Lancaster Mennonite Historical Society Museum and the Heritage Center Museum. Children can have a hands-on experience with educational learning at the Hands-on House, also known as Children's Museum of Lancaster. Nature and geology-minded visitors can view the more earthly exhibits of the Louise Arnold Tanger Arboretum and the North Museum of Natural History and Science. Upon completion, the Lancaster County Convention Center will incorporate the Stevens and Smith Historic Site, a museum that will include the preserved home of Thaddeus Stevens and his confidante Lydia Hamilton Smith.
The School District of Lancaster runs the city's public schools. The local high school campuses are McCaskey and McCaskey East. Established in 1836, it is the second oldest school district in Pennsylvania. Lancaster Catholic High School was founded in 1926. It is under the jurisdiction of the diocese of Harrisburg. With a P-12 enrollment of more than 500 students, Lancaster Country Day School is one of the region's largest independent nonsectarian schools. Founded in 1908 as the Shippen School for Girls, the school later became coeducational.

The Río Branco Cup unfolded in three matches, with Matías González playing all of them, repeating in the first two the defense duo with Vilches, later replaced by Eusebio Tejera, who would be González 's partner in the world cup. González's presence in the team was favored by the intervention of Obdulio Varela, as González had been boycotted by colleagues for not having joined the 1948 strike. González was a hero in a complicated game against Spain, already in the final quadrangular. The South Americans started winning, but suffered the comeback and needed a risky long-distance shot by Obdulio Varela to equalize in the last twenty minutes. The defender saved at the top of the line what could have been the Spanish victory in the last bid and he was named hero of the match. At Maracanazo, González was the most defensive Uruguayan player, not coming out much beyond the half moon. He was in charge of personally marking top scorer Ademir, sticking to him with support from Rodríguez Andrade on the left, Gambetta on the right and Tejera in the center. González also annulled Friaça in the first half, in which the Uruguayan tactics worked to prevent the tables between Ademir, Zizinho and Jair, key moves for the routs imposed by the Brazilians in the matches prior to the decision. González was the absolute starting Uruguayan defender also in the Copa América in 1953, with William Martínez being his most frequent partner. Uruguay finished third; González ended up not being called up for the 1954 FIFA World Cup, he was called up for the 1955 Copa América, but played in just one game, precisely in the 6-1 defeat suffered by champion Argentina. The Uruguayans were fourth. González last played for the national team on October 10, 1956, date of the 2-1 defeat by Argentina in Paysandú. He had been left out of that year's Copa América, held in January in Uruguay and won by the country.

Firefighters are based at and respond to emergency situations from a Fire Station (Also Known As a Firehouse or Firehall). Firefighters deal with many kinds of emergency situations. When their help is needed, they drive to the location of the emergency on a vehicle called a Fire Engine (Also Known As a Fire Truck or Fire Apparatus). Fire Engines have the equipment they often need to deal with all kinds of emergency situations. Fire Engines have water hoses,water pumps,ventilation fans and other items that help in putting out fires. They also carry equipment for Emergency Medical Services Incidents,Technical Rescue Incidents and Hazardous Materials Incidents. In Response to Emergency Medical Services Incidents,Fire Engines have Cardiac Monitors and Defibrillators,Intubation and Airway Management Supplies,Emergency Medications and other Medical items on board. In Response to Technical Rescue Incidents,Fire Engines have The Jaws Of Life Hydraulic Rescue Tools Systems (Spreaders,Cutters,Combi Tools,Rams,Etc),Air Bags,Air Chisels,Air,Electric and Battery Powered Breaching,Breaking and Cutting Tools,Cribbing,Specialized Rescue Saws,Specialized Cutting Torches,Rope Rescue Equipment,Confined Space Rescue Equipment,and other Specialized Technical Rescue Tools and Equipment on board. In Response to Hazardous Materials Incidents,Fire Engines have Hazardous Materials Personal Protection Equipment,Non Sparking Tools,Generators and other Specialized Hazardous Materials Tools and Equipment on board. Modern Fire Engines have Specialized Emergency Lights,Loud Sirens and Horns that give people warnings that they are coming down the road. Radios,Computers and other devices are used by Firefighters on Fire Engines to communicate with their Dispatcher and other Emergency Services Vehicles including mutual aid Fire and Rescue Units,Police Units and Emergency Medical Services Units.

After Beamer urges the passengers to take action, Glick leads the group against a stunned Haznawi. Haznawi is tackled and repeatedly beaten by Glick and Nacke. While Nami, Ghamdi and Jarrah panic and Ghamdi’s plead for assistance is refused by Jarrah, Bingham crushes Haznawi’s skull with a fire extinguisher, killing him and Nacke declares the bomb a fake. Grandcolas, passengers William Cashman, Patrick Driscoll and Alan Beaven join the assault, while Jarrah violently rocks the plane to throw the passengers off balance. Despite Nami's efforts to keep the group at bay with the use of a serving cart, Mace and a fire extinguisher, Jarrah’s violent flying causes him to lose balance and the passengers push the cart back into him and a scared Nami is subdued and after gouging out his eyes, Glick snaps Nami's neck, killing him. As Bradshaw, Lyles, Grandcolas, Cashman, Driscoll, and Beaven try to help Greene and Garcia though first-class, the male, able-bodied passengers batter the cockpit door with the cart and Jarrah and Ghamdi become terrified and disheartened as they have failed in their mission, and despite Ghamdi's efforts to hold against the door with the use of a fire axe, the passengers breach the cockpit just as Jarrah puts the plane into a steep dive, and wrestle with the two remaining hijackers for control. Ghamdi tries to protect Jarrah but the passengers overpower him, as Burnett begins choking out Jarrah. The aircraft inverts and crashes into a Shanksville field, killing everyone aboard.

The anise hyssop, "Agastache foeniculum" (also called blue giant hyssop) is a very different plant and not a close relative, although both are in the mint family. Anise hyssop is native to much of north-central and northern North America.
The name 'hyssop' can be traced back almost unchanged through the Greek word ("hyssopos") and Hebrew word ("ezov"). The Book of Exodus in the Bible records that the blood of the sacrifices was applied to the doorposts using hyssop on the night of Passover. Its vomit-inducing properties are also mentioned in the Book of Psalms. In the New Testament, a sponge soaked in sour wine or vinegar was stuck on a branch of hyssop and offered to Jesus of Nazareth on the cross just before he died. Both Matthew and Mark mention this but refer to the plant using the general term ("kalamos"), which is translated as "reed" or "stick."
The seeds are planted in spring and the seedlings planted out 40–50 cm apart. Hyssop can also be propagated from cuttings or root division in spring or autumn. Hyssop should be grown in full sun on well-drained soil, and will benefit from occasional clipping. It does not live long, and the plants need to be replaced every few years. It is good for use as a low hedge or border within an herb garden.
Hyssop also has uses in the garden. It is said to be a good companion plant to cabbage because it will deter the cabbage white butterfly. It has also "been found to improve the yield from grapevines if planted along the rows, particularly if the terrain is rocky or sandy, and the soil is not as easy to work as it might be." Hyssop is said to be bad for radishes, and they should not be grown nearby. Hyssop also attracts bees, hoverflies and butterflies, and so has a place in the wild garden as well as being useful in controlling pests and encouraging pollination without the use of unnatural methods.
Hyssop leaves can be preserved by drying. Hyssop is used as a food plant by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including the cabbage moth.

1. "Intro" 
0:33
2. "Beware" 
Christopher Rios Jerry Tineo
JuJu
3:15
3. "Super Lyrical" (featuring Black Thought) 
Rios Dana Stinson Tariq Trotter Sean Combs Christopher Wallace Norman Glover Chucky Thompson Reginald Elis
Rockwilder
3:28
4. "Taster's Choice" (skit) 
1:20
5. "Still Not a Player" (featuring Joe) 
Rios Jerome Foster
Knobody Dahoud (co.) Nomad (co.)
3:56
6. "Intermission" 
Mike Zulu
0:21
7. "The Dream Shatterer" 
Rios
Domingo
3:33
8. "Punish Me" (featuring Miss Jones) 
Rios Frank Pimentel
Frank Nitty
4:15
9. "Pakinamac Pt. I" (skit) 
1:35
10. "You Ain't a Killer" 
Rios Richard Frierson
Young Lord
4:14
11. "Pakinamac Pt. II" (skit) 
0:57
12. "Caribbean Connection" (featuring Wyclef) 
Rios Frierson Wyclef Jean
Young Lord
3:24
13. "Glamour Life" (featuring Fat Joe and Terror Squad) 
Rios Leshan Lewis
L.E.S.
4:43
14. "Capital Punishment" (featuring Prospect) 
Rios Michael Dewar Collin Dewar
The Infinite Arkatechz
4:20
15. "Uncensored" (skit) (featuring Funkmaster Flex) 
2:12
16. "I'm Not a Player" 
Rios Kenny Gamble Leon Huff
Minnesota
3:41
17. "Twinz (Deep Cover 98)" (featuring Fat Joe) 
Rios Joseph Cartagena Calvin Broadus Andre Young Collin Wolfe
Big Punisher Fat Joe
3:49
18. "The Rain & the Sun" (Interlude) (featuring dead prez) 
Rios Clayton Gavin Lavonne Alford
dead prez
1:49
19. "Boomerang" 
Rios Cartagena Vic Padilla
V.I.C.
3:35
20. "You Came Up" 
Rios Stinson
Rockwilder
3:54
21. "Tres Leches (Triboro Trilogy)" (featuring Prodigy and Rebel-INS) 
Rios Albert Johnson Jason Hunter Robert Diggs Eric Barrier William Griffin, Jr.
RZA DJ Roc Raida (scratches)
4:19
22. "Charlie Rock Shout" (skit) 
0:26
23. "Fast Money" 
Rios
Danny O & EQ
3:48
24. "Parental Discretion" (featuring Busta Rhymes) 
Rios Rodney Lemay

The "Bismarck" and "Tirpitz" were planned in the mid-1930s by the German Kriegsmarine to counter France and its own naval expansion. Construction began in 1936 and were supposed to fall within the 35,000 long ton limit as imposed by the Washington regime and the Anglo-German Naval Agreement during the Interwar period. Both of them secretly ignored the limits but before it's completion, the agreement and the treaty fell apart due to Japan's withdrawal in 1937. "Bismarck" weighed 41,700t (long tons) and 50,300 t (49,500 long tons) when fully loaded and had a overall length of 251m (823 ft 6in) which was the largest built than any other European power until HMS Vanguard after the war. "Bismarck" had a top speed of 30.01 knots (55.58 km/h; 34.53 mph) during trials and had a max distance of 16,430 km (10,210 mi) without refuels. Bismarck had a crew of 2000-2200 and had them divided into twelve divisions of 180-200 per division and half of them were assigned to main and secondary weaponry while the other half were support crew. (Cooks, Radio Operators) The "Bismarck" had an armament of eight 38 cm (15 in) guns, twelve 15 cm (5.9 in) guns, sixteen 10.5 cm (4.1 in) guns, sixteen 3.7 (1.5 in) guns, and twelve 2 cm (0.79 in) guns. "Bismarck's" main belt had a thickness of 320mm (12.6 in) and was additionally covered with upper and main armor deck ranging from 50mm to 120mm ( 2in to 4.7in ) while the turret faces were protected by 360mm (14.2 in) fronts while the sides were 220mm (8.7 in) thick.

Arlene, the first storm of the season, formed near Honduras on June 8 and moved north. It came close to western Cuba on June 10 before entering the Gulf of Mexico. Arlene strengthened just below hurricane strength before making landfall on western Florida. The storm quickly weakened while moving inland, and later became an extratropical remnant on June 13.
Tropical Storm Bret was a weak tropical storm that formed as Tropical Depression Two in the western Gulf of Mexico, then quickly became Tropical Storm Bret. The storm made landfall in Tuxpan, Veracruz, Mexico the next morning. It dissipated on June 30. The storm cause 2 deaths and $9 million in damage.
Hurricane Cindy was a tropical cyclone that reached minimal hurricane strength for a very short time in the Gulf of Mexico during July and made landfall in Louisiana. It was the third named storm and first hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Cindy left 3 deaths and $320 million in damage.
Hurricane Dennis was very powerful hurricane that reached a peak of 150 mph. Hurricane Dennis moved mostly northwestward in its track. It made landfall in Grenada, and almost made landfall in Jamaica, and also made landfall in Cuba, and Florida (United States).
Hurricane Emily was the strongest and only known category 5 hurricane in July. It beat a record in strength set by Hurricane Dennis only 6 days before. Hurricane Emily was one of four category 5 hurricanes in 2005. Hurricane Emily caused about 17 deaths and $1.014 billion in damage.
Tropical Storm Franklin formed north of the Bahamas on July 21 and moved steadily across the western Atlantic while coming close to Bermuda on July 26. Later, Franklin became an extratropical cyclone near Newfoundland, before being absorbed by another non-tropical system. Franklin caused no damages and killed no people while it stayed in the ocean during most of its life.

"Make it Rain" which features rapper Rowdy Rebel. He was in prison at the time and had to record his verse by telephone. "West Coast Shit" featuring Quavo and Tyga interpolates the lyrics of Too Short's 2003 single, "Shake That Monkey". Pop Smoke and Tyga rap about the wonders of the United States' west coast. "Enjoy Yourself" featuring Karol G is a Latin trap and urbano with lyrics about a deep reflection on love. The song contains a sample of a song named "Drink Freely" by Moroccan-American rapper French Montana. "Something Special" is an R&B-bounce song that samples Fabolous' "Into You" from 2003. Pop Smoke is obsessed with his new partner and their new love in the lyrics. "Mood Swings", an R&B song featuring Lil Tjay, is about having sex with women who don't use birth control. An R&B track, "What You Know Bout Love" samples Ginuwine's song "Differences". The song, which has a hi-hat and finger snaps, is about Pop Smoke having passion for his lover. The R&B track "Diana", features King Combs and includes parts from Playa's 1998 single "Cheers 2 U". The lyrics are about Pop Smoke being lustful and taking a strong aim at love. "Got It on Me" is a hip hop track that interpolates 50 Cent's "Many Men (Wish Death)" lyrics. Pop Smoke begs his enemies for mercy in the lyrics. "Tunnel Vision (Outro)" is a drill track in which Pop Smoke looks foward to the future and wishes to make an impact in the music industry. The album ends with the bonus track "Dior", a drill and hip hop song about flirting with women and buying the most up-to-date expensive clothes.

Alan is the son of the late Taiwanese stuntman-actor Blackie Ke. For his father, he wrote two songs, each in one of his albums in the same number of track. "Wake Up" and "I Miss You", these two songs shows his relationship with his father, how much his father had changed him. Before actually starting to receive the chance to release his first album he went through a lot of hard work. First of all, he started from a guitar, up to writing songs and lyrics. When he first entered Alpha Music, Jay Chou told him that he should know how to write his own songs, so that people would want to listen to his music, influenced by this Alan began writing his own songs. Secondly, he wrote more than hundreds of songs just to make the world hear his voice. For this purpose, Alan Kuo’s music director requires him to edit and edit his songs, every year, every month, every week, and every day. He kept on working on his songs for perfection. Finally, he edited his songs and made new songs in the 6 years of preparation, just for the best 12 songs for all the people anticipating for his music. In the meantime, during the 6 years of hard work for his first album, his courage was being challenged, his father died of an accident, but it did not stop him. In fact he continued going after his first album, trying to show us how hard he worked and especially to show his father in heaven. As a result, on 8/19/2005, Alan Kuo’s first album came out with 12 songs that rocked the listeners, the music that shows you the 6 years of hard work and effort he gave on his music, Alan Kuo. In 2007, Alan changed his Chinese name from 柯有倫 to 柯有綸. It still has the same pronunciation though.

The Julian calendar has two types of year: common years of 365 days and leap years of 366 days. There is a simple cycle of three common years followed by a leap year and this pattern repeats forever. However, the rule was not followed in the first years after the reform in 45 BCE. Due to a counting error, every 3rd year was a leap year instead of the 4th. The leap years were:
However, in 8 BCE (746 AUC), emperor Augustus Caesar corrected the problem. The next leap year was 7 CE (160 AUC).
With the simple cycle, the length of the Julian year is exactly 365.25 days (365 days and 6 hours), but the actual time it takes for the Earth to go around the Sun once is closer to 365.2422 days (about 365 days, 5 hours, 48 minutes and 46 seconds). This difference is about 365.25 - 365.2422 = 0.0078 days (11 minutes and 14 seconds) each year, although Greek astronomers knew that. This made the seasons get out of track, since the real first day of spring in western Europe (the equinox - day and night the same length) was happening earlier and earlier before the traditional 21 March as the centuries went by. By the 1500s, it was starting around 11 March, ten days 'too early' according to the calendar.
The first step of the reform was to realign the 25 December with the Winter solstice by making 46 BCE (708 AUC) 445 days long. In ordinary Roman calendar, the common year had 355 days and the leap year (one year after the common year) had 378 days. The 46 BCE was a leap year, according to the calendar. Julius Caesar added 67 more days by adding two extra months (those are called "Prior" and "Posterior" in letters of Cicero) between November and December.

McClellan had remained in command of the Army of the Potomac even though he had failed to support Major General John Pope at the Second Battle of Bull Run. When Lee entered Maryland, in a rare exception to his usual slowness, McClellan moved more quickly to cut him off. Having knowledge of Lee's plans gave McClellan an opportunity to destroy Lee's army while it was still weakened by Jackson's being sent to Harper's Ferry. McClellan learned of Lee's plan on September 13. He boasted "Here is a paper with which if I cannot whip Bobbie Lee, I will be willing to go home." He also sent a telegram to President Lincoln where he wrote, "I have all the plans of the rebels, and will catch them in their own trap if my men are equal to the emergency." But McClellan waited another 18 hours before acting. This delay allowed Lee more time to collect all the elements of his army. As Lee had moved into Maryland, he left detachments to guard two of the passes through South Mountain, Crampton's Gap and Turner's Gap. These were the two most important routes through the 50-mile long South Mountain. Had McClellan moved a little faster, he would have caught Lee's army scattered on the other side of the mountain. At Frederick, Maryland the Union army caught up with Lee and the fighting began on South Mountain. It was a natural formation that separated the Shenandoah and Cumberland Valleys from eastern Maryland. Several battles were fought that day over possession of South Mountain. The Confederates were driven back with a large number of casualties. McClellan could have destroyed Lee's army but he again waited, giving Lee the time to regroup.

Within Afghanistan, the Astor Markhor is limited to the east in the high and mountainous monsoon forests of Laghman and Nuristan. In Indian-occupied kashmir, this subspecies is restricted to a portion of the Pir Panjal range in southwestern Jammu and Kashmir. Throughout this range, Astor Markhor populations are scattered, starting east of the Banihal Pass (50 km from the Chenab River) on the Jammu–Srinagar highway westward to the disputed de-facto border with Pakistan. Recent surveys indicate it still occurs in catchments of the Limber and Lachipora Rivers in the Jhelum Valley Forest Division, and around Shupiyan to the south of Srinagar. In Pakistan, the Astor Markhor there is restricted to the Indus and its tributaries, as well as to the Kunar (Chitral) River and its tributaries. Along the Indus, it inhabits both banks from Jalkot (Kohistan District) upstream to near the Tungas village (Baltistan), with Gakuch being its western limit up the Gilgit River, Chalt up the Hunza River, and the Parishing Valley up the Astore River. It has been said to occur on the right side of the Yasin Valley (Gilgit District), though this is unconfirmed. The flare-horned Markhor is also found around Chitral and the border areas with Afghanistan, where it inhabits a number of valleys along the Kunar River (Chitral District), from Arandu on the west bank and Drosh on the east bank, up to Shoghor along the Lutkho River, and as far as Barenis along the Mastuj River. The largest population is currently found in Chitral National Park in Pakistan.

Delhi has the second largest Muslim population (12.86%) within Delhi State. Muhammad Ghori invaded India in 1175 A.D. After the conquest of Multan and Punjab, he advanced towards Delhi. The Rajput chiefs of northern India headed by Prithvi Raj Chauhan defeated him in the First Battle of Terrain in 1191 A.D. After about a year, Muhammad Ghori came again to avenge his defeat. A furious battle was fought again in Terrain in 1192 A.D. in which the Rajputs were defeated and Prithvi Raj Chauhan was captured and put to death. The Second Battle of Terrain, however, proved to be a decisive battle that laid the foundations of Muslim rule in Northern India. Ghori built many mosques and libraries after laying Muslim rule in India. The period between 1206 A.D. and 1526 A.D. in India's history is known as the Delhi Sultanate period. During this period of over three hundred years, five dynasties ruled in Delhi. These were: the Slave dynasty (1206-90), Khilji dynasty (1290-1320), Tughlaq dynasty (1320-1413), Sayyid dynasty (1414-51), and Lodhi dynasty (1451-1526).The Delhi Sultanate was an Islamic empire based in Delhi that stretched over large parts of the Indian subcontinent for 320 years (1206–1526). Five dynasties ruled over the Delhi Sultanate sequentially: the Mamluk/Slave dynasty (1206–1290), the Khalji dynasty (1290–1320), the Tughlaq dynasty (1320–1414), the Sayyid dynasty (1414–1451), and the Lodi dynasty (1451–1526). It covered large swathes of territory in modern-day India, Pakistan, Bangladesh as well as some parts of southern Nepal.

Tom & Jerry (marketed as Tom and Jerry: The Movie) is an 2021 American live-action/animated slapstick comedy adventure movie based on Will the eponymous cartoon trouble-making two-some of the same name made by William Hanna & Joseph Barbera in 1940. It was directed by Tim Story and produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, and Warner Animation Group. The movie was released on February 26, 2021 in theaters and HBO Max. On , it was released on the January 1, 2021. It is the 15th movie of the Tom and Jerry series, WB's 2nd 2021 live-action/animated hybrid after (2021) as well as the 3rd to set up the fictional duo in the contemporary real-world after Anchors Aweigh (1945) 1953's Dangerous When Wet but this time as protagonists rathere than cameo characters. It is also a reboot of the series. The movie tells tells the story of Tom & Jerry's antics getting involved with a New York hotel when Jerry moves and settles into it weeks before the "wedding of the century" of Preeta (Pallavi Sharda) and her fiance Ben (Colin Jost). It stars in voice cast actors Chloe Grace Moretz, Michael Pina, Rob Delaney, Pallavi Sharda, Colin Jost, ,Ken Jeong, , Nicky Jam, Bobby Cannavale and Utkarsh Ambudkar with & Andre Sogluizzo's voices for the titular duo. This forces the hotel's new event planner Kayla (Chloe Grace Moretz) to hire Tom to exterminate Jerry before the ceremony. This gets them involved with Terence (Micheal Pena's) plan to use their long-lasting feud so he can ruin everything. with Kayla's chances, the wedding and hotel itself at their mercy this tests them to the limit & forces them to do the unthinkable-they must put their differences aside to save-the-day!

46. Magic: Stanley reunites with his high school crush, Davida Steelmine, who is now working as a magician who uses her powers for criminal activity.<br>
47. Little Big Mask: The Mask creates an anti-aging cream, which makes him (and Stanley) younger by the minute.<br>
48. Fantashtick Voyage: A computer virus infects Milo and Stanley thinks The Mask did it.<br>
49. They Came from Within: The Mask gets sucked into a comic book world, where the characters mistake Lieutenant Kellaway for their archenemy.<br>
50. To Have and Have Snot: Pretorious uses Peggy's phlegm from her cold to create a giant mucus monster that infects the people of Edge City. Unfortunately, Stanley learns that having a cold while wearing the Mask has unpredictable (and ultimately fatal) consequences.<br>
51. Mystery Cruise: Stanley and all of his friends (and enemies) are tricked into boarding a cruise by The Mask in order to celebrate The Mask's birthday. Unfortunately, Pretorius plans to use the ship to test his latest weapon.<br>
52. The Goofalotatots: Stanley meets his favorite cartoon characters, The Goofalotatots (a parody of the Warner Brothers and the Warner Sister from Animaniacs), but discovers that they're evil robot duplicates built by Pretorious.<br>
53. When Pigs Ruled the Earth: Peggy and The Mask get sent to a future where pigs rule over man.<br>
54. The Aceman Cometh: Stanley's dog, Milo, is kidnapped by Pretorious and Stanley summons the help of Ace Ventura, Pet Detective (from the movie and animated series of the same name) to find him.

When Leo XIII became pope in 1878 he tried to calm Church-State relations. In 1884 he told French bishops not to act in a hostile manner to the State. In 1892 he issued an encyclical advising French Catholics to rally to the Republic and defend the Church by participating in Republican politics. This attempt at improving the relationship failed. Deep-rooted suspicions remained on both sides and were inflamed by the Dreyfus Affair. Catholics were for the most part anti-dreyfusard. The Assumptionists published anti-Semitic and anti-republican articles in their journal La Croix. This infuriated Republican politicians, who were eager to take revenge. Often they worked in alliance with Masonic lodges. The Waldeck-Rousseau Ministry (1899–1902) and the Combes Ministry (1902–05) fought with the Vatican over the appointment of bishops. Chaplains were removed from naval and military hospitals (1903–04), and soldiers were ordered not to frequent Catholic clubs (1904). Combes as Prime Minister in 1902, was determined to thoroughly defeat Catholicism. He closed down all parochial schools in France. Then he had parliament reject authorisation of all religious orders. This meant that all fifty four orders were dissolved and about 20,000 members immediately left France, many for Spain.[190] In 1905 the 1801 Concordat was abrogated; Church and State were finally separated. All Church property was confiscated. Public worship was given over to associations of Catholic laymen who controlled access to churches. In practise, Masses and rituals continued. The Church was badly hurt and lost half its priests. In the long run, however, it gained autonomy—for the State no longer had a voice in choosing bishops and Gallicanism was dead.

Darwin noticed that although young plants or animals are very similar to their parents, no two are exactly the same and there is always a range of shape, size, colour, and so on. Some of these differences the plant or animal may have got from their own ancestors, but some are new and caused by mutations. When such differences made an organism more able to live in the wild, it would have a better chance to survive, and would pass on its genes to its offspring, and they to their offspring. Any difference that would cause the plant or animal to have less of a chance to live would be less likely to be passed on, and would eventually die out altogether. In this way groups of similar plants or animals (called species) slowly change in shape and form so that they can live more successfully and have more offspring who will survive them. So, natural selection had similarities to selective breeding, except that it would happen by itself, over a much longer time.
He first started thinking about this in 1838, but it took a full twenty years before his ideas became public. By 1844 he was able to write a draft of the main ideas in his notebook. Historians think that he did not talk about his theory because he was afraid of public criticism. He knew his theory, which did not discuss religion, raised questions about the literal truth of the Book of Genesis. Whatever the reason, he did not publish his theory in a book until 1859. In 1858 he heard that another biologist, Alfred Russel Wallace, had the same ideas about natural selection. Darwin and Wallace's ideas were first published in the "Journal of the Linnaean Society" in London, 1858. Then, Darwin published his book the next year. The name of the book was "On the Origin of Species by means of Natural Selection, or the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life". This is usually called "The Origin of Species".

During the season, Cavendish developed a remarkable partnership with his leadout man, Mark Renshaw. Continuing his run of success, Cavendish won Stage 2, Stage 3, Stage 10, Stage 11, Stage 19 and Stage 21 of the 2009 Tour de France. In winning the third stage he became the first Briton to hold the green jersey for two days in a row. Cavendish's win on stage 11 enabled him to reclaim the green jersey from rival Thor Hushovd, and equalled Barry Hoban's British record of eight Tour de France stage wins. However, all the points that Cavendish gained in stage 14 were removed after he was judged to have driven Hushovd too close to barriers on the course. Cavendish said of the protest, which he thought was lodged by Hushovd, that, "Thor either thinks so highly of himself that he thinks I was looking out for him yesterday or he thinks so highly of my team that the only way he can beat us is to complain like that." However, the disqualification was confirmed before Hushovd and his team lodged a protest. Cavendish added that the green jersey was no longer within his reach, and that his main objective was now to finish the race and win the final stage in Paris, which he did. Winning the 19th stage, Cavendish set a new record for Tour de France stage wins by a British rider; afterwards, he said that he was "embarrassed" for his comments about "deserving" green jersey wearer Hushovd. In winning the 21st stage, he lead home a remarkable 1-2 for his team, when his team mate and leadout man, Mark Renshaw, finished second on the Champs-Élysées.

Oddworld: Abe's Exoddus was the second game in the series . It was released in November 1998 for the PlayStation video game console and Microsoft Windows and was released as a bonus title. The game play is the same as Abe's Oddysee but with different levels and secret areas. It also has a better GameSpeak than the other game and Abe can have more than one Mudokons following by saying "All o'ya!" and Scrabs, Paramites and Glukons can be possessed. There are 300 Mudokons and the Mudokons have different emotions. They could become angry, depressed or sick, There are new Oddworld creatures as well as different versions of creatures from the first game, for example flying and crawling "Sligs". The game was re-released as Classics in 2008 for PC on Steam and re-released on Playstation Network for the PS3 in 2009. A Gameboy Color version was released in November 1999 by Saffire Corporation. This was a shortened version of the entire game. A well known fan of the game is working on a full 3D remake of the original game titled Twice Ze Flavor after Oddworld Inhabitants messaged the fan on Twitter saying that he can make a fan game but he has to use his own assests and source code. The remake will be built with freelance designers and developers who had pervious experience in the games industry and a Demo version of the ame will be similar to the original demo with just Tunnel 1 and Tunnel 2 and it's secret areas. The game will also have a Classic mode option for people who like the original voices and sound effects from the original games.Twice Ze Flavor Fangame Site

On 30 January 1948 BSAA G-AHNP "Star Tiger" was lost due to unknown causes while flying from Lisbon, Portugal to Bermuda. Among those missing was retired RAF Air Marshal Sir Arthur Coningham. At 3:17 Star Tiger had requested a new bearing to Bermuda. Despite missing two route flight checks from "Star Tiger" at 3:45 and 4:15, Bermuda did not issue a missing alert until nearly an hour and a half after the plane last transmission. On 30 January 1948 a press dispatch reported the planes loss at 440 miles northeast of Bermuda. On 1 February 1948 a B-17 search plane reported sighting several boxes and an oil drum 325 miles northwest of Bermuda; it is unknown if this flotsam was connected to the missing plane or not.[Glasgow Herald 2 February 1948] (If this was debris from the missing plane, it was probably an indication that "Star Tiger" had flown on for another 100 miles before being lost at sea; the time is unknown but could have occurred within 30 minutes when the plane was overdue for its last route check. Although the cause of the loss is unknown the known facts that it was "flying into a gale storm with only about an 3 1/2 hours worth of fuel" could have been a contributing factor (strong headwinds could caused the plane to use up more fuel than the crew realized).Another interesting fact is that while the plane was flying at 2,000 feet the crew position reports indicate have they thought were flying at the regular 20,000 feet; prehaps a minuite of inattention on the part of the crew or a sudden windshear gust going downward could have caused the plane to crash in the ocean.The Fantasy Fiction series The Twilight Zone has a 24 February 1961 episode "The Odyssey of Flight 33" which is a retelling of The Flying Dutchman legend in which this version is of an airliner trapped in a Time Vortex; among one of the passengers is an unnamed RAF general officer presumedly based on Air Marshal Sir Arthur Coningham.

Other experimental observations can be explained by combining the overall expansion of space with nuclear physics and atomic physics. As the Universe expands, the energy density of the electromagnetic radiation decreases more quickly than does that of matter, since the energy of a photon decreases with its wavelength. Thus, although the energy density of the Universe is now dominated by matter, it was once dominated by radiation; poetically speaking, all was light. As the Universe expanded, its energy density decreased and it became cooler; as it did so, the elementary particles of matter could associate stably into ever larger combinations. Thus, in the early part of the matter-dominated era, stable protons and neutrons formed, which then associated into atomic nuclei. At this stage, the matter in the Universe was mainly a hot, dense plasma of negative electrons, neutral neutrinos and positive nuclei. Nuclear reactions among the nuclei led to the present abundances of the lighter nuclei, particularly hydrogen, deuterium, and helium. Eventually, the electrons and nuclei combined to form stable atoms, which are transparent to most wavelengths of radiation; at this point, the radiation decoupled from the matter, forming the ubiquitous, isotropic background of microwave radiation observed today.
Other observations are not clearly answered by known physics. According to the prevailing theory, a slight imbalance of matter over antimatter was present in the universe's creation, or developed very shortly thereafter. Although the matter and antimatter mostly annihilated one another, producing photons, a small residue of matter survived, giving the present matter-dominated universe.

The 13 states are based on historical Malay Kingdoms. 9 of the 13 states, known as the Malay States, retain their royal families. The Federal King (titled "Yang di-Pertuan Agong") is elected (de facto rotated) among the nine rulers to serve a 5-year term. The nine "Malay States" have a hereditary Ruler as titular Head of state and an executive Chief Minister or "Menteri Besar" as politically responsible Head of government. The rulers of Johor, Kedah, Kelantan, Pahang, Perak, Selangor and Terengganu are styled Sultans (typically Islamic). Only Negeri Sembilan's elective ruler holds the rare, autochthonous Malay title of "Yang di-Pertuan Besar", whereas only the Ruler of Perlis is titled "Raja". Former British settlements and crown colonies of Penang and Malacca (both peninsular) and Sabah and Sarawak (both on Borneo) each have a federally appointed titular Governor (styled "Yang di-Pertua Negeri") and an executive Chief Minister or "Ketua Menteri".
Sabah and Sarawak have additional powers as part of the terms when they joined Malaysia, such as immigration controls. They have separate immigration policies and controls and a unique residency status. Passports are required even for Malaysians for travelling between these two states or between either state and Peninsular Malaysia, however Peninsular Malaysians who are on social/business visits up to three months are allowed to produce a MyKad or birth certificate and fill in a special form in lieu of a passport.
Each state has a unicameral legislature called "Dewan Undangan Negeri" ("DUN", State Assembly). Members of DUN are elected from single-member constituencies drawn based on the population. The state leader of the majority party in DUN is usually appointed Chief Minister by the Ruler or Governor. The term of DUN members is five years unless the assembly is dissolved earlier by the Ruler or Governor on the advise of the Chief Minister. Usually, DUN of the states in Peninsular Malaysia are dissolved in conjunction with the dissolution of the federal parliament, in order to have state elections running concurrently with the parliamentary election. However, Rulers and Governors hold discretionary powers in dissolving the DUN.Each state sends two representatives to the "Dewan Negara" (Senate), the upper house of the federal parliament.

Ruwen played first international in 2002. He's a modern defender, so he uses long pips and an attacking rubber on the forehand. At the European Championships for youth he reached the first place together with the team. In 2003 he won even gold in the singles and with the team, so he climbs from place 90 in the world rankings for adults to place 70. Since 2005 he played different tournaments, for example the World Junior Circuit, where Filus reached the Quarterfinal. At the World Championships he came under the best eight players in the doubles. His first tournament at the Pro Tour end with the reaching of the last 64. 2006 Filus won bronze at the European Championships for youth, with the team he won gold. Since 2007 he played in the adult area, too, where he reached the Round of tha last 16 at the Korea Open. 2008 he played some Pro Tour tournaments, since 2009 he played different events, for example the European Championships, where Ruwen came under the top eight, he lost to Timo Boll. 2010 he played only two events, so he fell back to place 60 in the world rankings. 2011 Ruwen played at the World Cup, there he won bronze together with the team. At the WTTC he came under the last 64 in the singles. At the European Championships he won gold with the team. 2012 he came under the last 16 at the ETTC, on the Pro Tour he won the Czech Open. 2013 he won bronze at the Czech Open and came to the Quarterfinal at the ETTC. 2014 he had very strong injuries, but in 2015 he reached the Quarterfinal at the ETTC again, with the team he won silver. 2016 the German team lost in the group qualification. 2017 he won gold with the German team at the ETTC, 2018 was it silver at the WTTC.

George goes to Nico's apartment and she discovers an address inside the clown's nose for the costume shop where it was purchased. George goes there and learns the killer's name, Khan and that he hired both a clown and a pixie costume. Todryk then tells George of the Hotel Ubu, the killer's accommodation. Outside the hotel are two shady characters, Flap and Guido, who search George's pockets searching for something important. With the help of an English aristocrat, Lady Piermont, George obtains an ancient manuscript from the hotel safe, which Khan deposited. While infiltrating Khan/Mourlin's hotel room, he also finds a matchbook from the Club Alamut, which seems Middle Eastern. After evading Flap and Guido who are searching for the manuscript and returning to Nico, she deduces the manuscript is related to the Knights Templar, a wealthy and powerful order of knights wrongly accused of heresy and burned at the stake by the Inquisition. The plan was hatched by Philip IV of France and Pope Clement V in a bid to gain the Templars' amassed wealth but the treasure remained hidden. On the manuscript, there are several pictures: A knight with a sword and a bull, between them a gem is balanced on a tripod; A knight with a crystal ball; A man weaving on a loom with a ship in the background; a woman looking at a looking glass to see three bearded faces. Seeking help at the Crune Museum, George discovers the tripod on the manuscript is in the museum itself, being discovered in Lochmarne, Ireland. Nico explains a professor named Peagram had an excavation in the village.

In the middle of the 20th century, the Ba'ath parties were ruling both in Syria and Iraq. The ideology behind Ba'athism is to unite the Arab regions and create a Pan-Arab state. The ideology is also oriented towards socialism. Although the Ba'ath ideology has nationalist roots and is not related to religion, Ba'ath leaders and politicians have often used religious outlets to gain popularity and support of the people. Although the Pan-Arab nationalism worked out in other Arab countries such as Egypt, this was a difficult case in Iraq. The reason for this, is the diversity of the Iraqi population. Because of the Sunni - Shi'a and Arab-Kurd divide, Iraq is seen as one of the most difficult countries to govern. It was especially difficult, as the Ba'ath party was dominantly Sunni, whereas the population of Iraq, the origin place of Shia Islam, is dominantly Shia (55%). The president of Iraq at the time, was Saddam Hussein, who took most of the power in his own hands and strived for strong Arab leadership. His ambitions to take the lead in the Arab world were also a key element for his later attack on Iran.
The Shatt al-Arab waterway, bordering Iraq and Iran, is crucial to Iraq, because it is its only major outlet to the sea. The waterway is controlled by Iraq and has been a source of tension between the states long before the Iranian revolution. The main reason for tension around this waterway has been its function as a border. Because of this, it has been an issue between the Ottomans and Iran. After the fall of the Ottoman Empire, the waterway was controlled by Iraq. However, in 1969 Shah Reza refused to pay fees for Iranian ships passing the waterway. He also started backing up Kurdish separatists groups in Northern Iraq. To stop the support of Iran to the Kurds, Saddam signed the Algiers agreement in 1975. Iran stopped supporting the Kurds, and the border was placed in the middle of the waterway. One of the reasons, according to Saddam himself, for being pressured to sign this agreement was the military advancement of Iran during the rule of the Shah. Saddam withdrew the agreement several days before invading Iran, in September 1980, drawing upon the importance of the waterway. Before and during the war, Saddam was vocal about the right of Iraq to Shatt al-Arab as well as Khuzestan, the bordering Iranian region that is mainly inhabited by Iranian Arabs.

Abel sends his informant, Clarence Darlington, to trash the couple's home in yet another effort of forcing them out. Lisa arrives home early and surprises the informant. They fight. Lisa is knocked out, though not before she triggers the alarm. Chris rushes home. He is followed by a frustrated Abel. When the latter comes upon his hired informant, he (Abel) shoots the informant dead to keep him quite. Lisa is rushed to the hospital. She is okay.
Wildfires are taking place in the surrounding hills. Local people are warned to leave their homes. Abel, who remains behind, enters Chris' and Lisa's house. He (Abel) hopes to retrieve Clarence's cell phone, fearing the phone will make him appear guilty. Chris and Lisa suddenly return home from the hospital before Abel finds the phone. While the couple pack up before leaving the residence, Chris discovers the cell phone. He calls the last number diales. Chris then learns Abel was responsible for the break-in. Abel learns that Chris has found the cell phone.
Abel goes over with his gun drawn. He and Chris fight between each other. Before Lisa can leave the area, Abel shoots her car. The gun hit causes Lisa to crash into a parked car. After pistol whipping Abel and knocking him out, Chris tries to free Lisa from the vehicle. But then, Abel fires his gun towards Chris. He (Abel) misses. Chris holds Abel's other gun at him and tells him to stay back. Los Angeles County sheriff officers reach the area. The police demand Chris drop his gun. They order Abel to not move any further. Chris' wife Lisa begs for him to comply with orders. Abel tells Chris to listen to her. Chris then says Abel should have listened to his wife and asks if he saw the wife's betrayal coming. Chris then states that Abel's aggression drove her into cheating on him. Abel then becomes furious, takes out his hidden gun and shoots Chris in his shoulder.

The main event scripted into Vengeance was between D-Generation X (DX) Triple H and Shawn Michaels versus the Spirit Squad (Kenny <nowiki>[</nowiki>Ken Doane<nowiki>]</nowiki>, Johnny <nowiki>[</nowiki>Johnny Jeter<nowiki>]</nowiki>, Mitch <nowiki>[</nowiki>Nick Mitchell<nowiki>]</nowiki>, Nicky <nowiki>[</nowiki>Nick Nemeth<nowiki>]</nowiki>, and Mikey <nowiki>[</nowiki>Michael Brendli<nowiki>]</nowiki>) in a 5-on-2 Handicap match consisting of one team of wrestlers facing off against a team of wrestlers with more people such as five against two. The story for the match began after Backlash, "Raw"'s previous pay-per-view event, where The McMahons (Vince and Shane) defeated Michaels and "God" in a tag team match, with help from the Spirit Squad in a no disqualification match, a match where neither wrestler can be disqualified, allowing for weapons and outside interference. For weeks on "Raw", Michaels got revenge on both Vince McMahon and the Spirit Squad, until the May 22 episode of "Raw", where the Spirit Squad were scripted to injure Michaels' left knee. Then, by orders of McMahon, Triple H was to "break Michaels' skull", with a sledgehammer. Triple H failed to do what McMahon ordered and instead attacked the Spirit Squad, thus turning into a hero. Two weeks later, McMahon put Triple H in a gauntlet match, against the Spirit Squad. In the match, Kenny grabbed a steel chair and put it on Triple H's left knee, similar to what the group did to Michaels. Mitch, who was the only member not participating in the match, was thrown out from the backstage curtain by Michaels. Then, Michaels joined Triple H in the ring as they began to beat down the four members of the Spirit Squad. This lead to Michaels and Triple H reforming D-Generation X for the first time since their teased reunion in 2002. That same night, McMahon scheduled the Spirit Squad and D-Generation X in a 5-on-2 handicap tag team match. On the June 19 episode of "Raw", DX marked their return, when the duo humiliated the Spirit Squad as DX dumped green slime onto the group and embarrassed the team afterward, by beating them.

Chatterjee was killed on 7 August 2015. A group of about six men armed with machetes attacked him at his home in the Goran neighborhood of Dhaka, and hacked him to death. Police told that the attackers had tricked his wife to allow them into Chatterjee's home before killing him. His best friend Sahedul Sahed said that Neel had previously reported to the police that he feared for his life, but no action had been taken. Ansarullah Al Islam Bangladesh, an Al Qaeda group, claimed responsibility for Niloy's killing.
The "United Nations" asked for a quick and fair investigation of the murder saying, "It is vital to ensure the identification of those responsible for this and the previous horrendous crimes, as well as those who may have masterminded the attacks." "Amnesty International" condemned the killing and said that it was the "urgent duty (of the government) to make clear that no more attacks like this will be tolerated". Other entities condemning the killing include the German Government, "Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami", Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina, "Human Rights Watch", the "Communist Party of Bangladesh", "Gonojagoron Moncho", and other political parties of Bangladesh, both rightist and leftist.
Writer Taslima Nasrin criticized the prime minister, Sheikh Hasina, and her government saying, "Sheikh Hasina's government is morally culpable. I am squarely blaming the state for these massacres in installment. Its indifference and so-called inability to rein in the murderous "Ansarullah" brigade is solely predicated on the fear of being labelled atheists."

Sidney, Jerry and Tom go back to the campus and find Derek in the auditorium tied to a crucifix, his mouth gagged with duct tape. Once Sidney, Jerry and Tom untie him, they is confronted by Ghostface, who reveals himself as Mickey and tells Sidney, Jerry and Tom that Derek is his partners. Derek desperately tries to persuade Sidney, Jerry and Tom that he is innocent and while Sidney, Jerry and Tom are deciding who is telling the truth, Mickey kills Derek. Mickey details his plan to become famous in the ensuing trial and media spectacle. He then announces his real partner, Debbie Salt, who arrives holding Gale at gunpoint. Sidney, Jerry and Tom recognise that Salt is actually Billy Loomis' mother, seeking revenge for her son's death. Mickey explains that they met online and agreed that Mrs. Loomis pays for Mickey's tuition fee while Mickey does the actual killing. Mrs. Loomis betrays Mickey and shoots him, as she plans to blame the murders on Mickey. Before he collapses, Mickey accidentally shoots Gale, causing her to fall off the stage, Sidney, Jerry and Mrs. Loomis fight, during their fight Mrs. Loomis shoots Tom in the stomach, killing him, until Cotton intervenes and eventually shoots Mrs. Loomis in the throat. As they debate whether or not she is still alive, they find Gale still alive. Mickey suddenly jumps to his feet, trying to attack them, only to be shot death by Sidney, Jerry and Gale. Sidney and Jerry then shoot Mrs. Loomis in the head to confirm her death, amd Jerry runs up to Tom and he gives Jerry some video tapes of he, Jerry, Dan, Sidney, Tatum, Billy, Stu, Randy, Cici, Martha, Jerry's old friends: (Justin Wilson, Douglas Harris, Karen James) and Sidney and Jerry's brother Steve, then Tom slowly dies, and Jerry cries over Tom's body. When the police arrive the next morning, Gale finds Dewey badly injured but still alive and accompanies him and Tom to the hospital. Sidney and Jerry instruct the press to direct questions to Cotton, rewarding him with the fame he has been chasing while removing the attention from herself as she and Jerry leave the university campus. A week later at Tom's funeral, Sidney and Jerry stand near Tom's grave.

Zhang uses gardening sands he has in his pocket to escape the situation. Yang discovers an informant among the crew and orders the traitor to be found and eliminated. He also asks Ryuji and Colt to kill Hotta who had attacked his men when the partnership breaks off. Instead of complying, Ryuji demands that Fusae and Keikichi, tied up with Yang's drugs, be set free. Ryuji, who doesn't want to kill people, persuades Hotta to reconcile with Yang, but Gin reluctantly shoots him dead in the middle of it with his mistress, which leads Ryuji to punch Gin away. Yang sees Midori, the nightclub hostess, as a clue leading to the informant and tries to kidnap her to the office. Ryuji, who happened to be an acquaintance of Midori, lied, saying, "That's my sake. It has nothing to do with me." Before long, Midori's older brother, Ishii, a nightclub trumpet player, appears in front of Ryuji. Ishii was the one who passed the information on Yang Gang to the Hotta group and the Tokyo Police and revealed his identity as an undercover narcotics investigator working for the police on an illegal drug smuggling investigation. Knowing that Ryuji is saddened by Keikichi's drug addiction, Ishii asks Ryuji for help destroying the gang and stopping them from selling drugs to the American mafia who wanted to meet with Yang's crew at Yokohama. On the other hand, Yang decides that Fusae is the informant and tortures her, but Gin, who doesn't like Yang's methods of sadistic torture and cruelty, finds a chance and releases her. Keikichi, who is in the hospital, is also attacked by Yang's minions, but he fights off with punches, and Midori hides him while he is escaping.

The medical faculty of the Leipzig University was founded in 1415, a few years after the university itself was founded in 1409. As at all European universities, medical knowledge was initially disseminated in a purely theoretical manner. The first step towards modern, scientifically based medicine was taken in 1704 with the establishment of the first anatomical theater by Johann Christian Schamberg. In 1799 the "Institute for Clinical Education" was founded in the Jakobshospital, where patient examinations, surgical demonstrations and dissection exercises took place for the first time. Johann Christian August Heinroth was appointed to the world's first chair for "psychological therapy" (psychiatry) in 1811. The current main location of the medical faculty in Liebigstrasse was founded in 1871 by Carl Reinhold August Wunderlich and Carl Thiersch as the “St. Jakob Municipal Hospital”. In 1889 the landmark of the medical district was opened with the “Red House”. In the period from about 1880 to the Second World War, medicine experienced its greatest heyday at the University of Leipzig. With researchers like Paul Flechsig, Carl Ludwig and Wilhelm His, Leipzig was one of the world's leading centres of scientific teaching and research. In 1891 Otto Heubner founded the University Children's Clinic. Large parts of the medical district were destroyed during World War II. The first post-war building was opened in 1956 with the Institute for Anatomy; all other institutes were gradually rebuilt. In 1953 the St. Jakob Hospital was transferred to the university. The department for inpatient psychotherapy and psychosomatic medicine, founded in 1953, was one of the first in Germany. Almost all clinics and institutes have been built or completely renovated since 1990. The hospital, which founded the first clinic for cardiovascular surgery in Europe in 1961, no longer has its own cardiac surgery department, as the private heart center in Leipzig in the Probstheida district has been a university clinic since 1994, according to a contract between the State of Saxony and Rhön-Klinikum AG. Up to the opening of the "Center for Conservative Medicine" in November 2008, around 350 million euros had been invested in the Liebigstrasse location. By around mid-2009, all departments moved from the old ward block to the new clinic buildings.

In the late 1950s and early 1960s, sports were becoming more important to people. So, psychology of sports was more accepted because it helped athletes. Four things were important to expand the field of sports psychology. These were textbooks, graduate programs, associations, and journals. One of the main areas that was being studied during this time period was the affect stress had on athletes and their performance. In 1960, Warren R. Johnson continued the research he started in 1949. This research was about the effect stress had on an athlete. He continued this research by creating the first textbook on the topic. In 1961, Maxwell Howell started the first graduate school program in physical education. He did this at the University of Alberta in Canada. The creation of associations and journals was the next development of this time period. In 1967, the North American Society for the Psychology of Sport and Physical Activity or (NASPSPA)was created. It was created by a group of sport psychologists led by Warren Johnson. One of the first things that this organization did was to start publishing the "Sport Psychology Bulletin". The "Sport Psychology Bulletin" included research reports and the writings of the members of the NASPSPA. Then in 1970, the "International Journal of Sport Psychology" was started. During the 1970s and 1980s, there were many associations and journals that were started. These were the Association for the Advancement of Applied Sport Psychology, the American Psychological Association's Division 47 of Exercise and Sport Psychology, the Sport Psychology Academy of the American Alliance for Health, Physical Education, Recreation, and Dance, the "Journal of Sports Psychology", the "Journal of Sport Science", the "Sport Psychologist", and the "Journal of Applied Sport Psychology". The next major developments involved the United States Olympic Committee. In 1978, they started a Sports Medicine Council that included sports psychologists. In 1985, they created the first registry or list of sports psychologists.

After Raiden reset the timeline in Mortal Kombat (2009), Quan Chi is present at the Shaolin Tournament from the outset, with the resurrected Scorpion serving as his personal assassin. They join forces in the tournament to face the Shaolin monk Liu Kang, but both are defeated. During the second tournament in Shao Kahn's Outworld arena, Quan Chi and Shang Tsung join forces against Kung Lao but are defeated. In the retold events of Mortal Kombat 3 therein, Quan Chi revives the deceased Queen Sindel (as an undead minion) in order to enable Shao Kahn to invade Earthrealm, after having resurrected the dead elder Sub-Zero — killed by Scorpion in the first tournament — as the wraith Noob Saibot to assist him in his plans. He later constructs a Soulnado to take every soul on Earth, but his plans are thwarted by Nightwolf. After Sindel massacres the Earthrealm warriors assembled to stop Shao Kahn's takeover, Raiden seeks cooperation between Earth and the Netherealm by offering Quan Chi their souls as compensation, but Quan Chi has transformed them into his revenant slaves. However, he inadvertently causes Shao Kahn's downfall when he reveals the Elder Gods are obligated to stop the tyrant for failing to honor Mortal Kombat's rules. Raiden kills Shao Kahn and halts his invasion, but Quan Chi makes preparations for Shinnok's invasion, leading Netherrealm's forces in attacking the weakened Earthrealm and Outworld. In Mortal Kombat X (2015), Quan Chi uses the Earthrealm revenants to aid him in retrieving Shinnok's amulet over the course of two years. Though he succeeds in doing so with the aid of D'Vorah, he is decapitated by the resurrected Hanzo Hasashi (Scorpion) once he learns the sorcerer conspired with the Lin Kuei ninja Sektor to kill the Shirai Ryu.

On November 26, 2014, Punk appeared on his friend Colt Cabana's "Art of Wrestling" podcast. During the podcast, Punk decided to break his silence on his decision on leaving the WWE. Punk said the WWE had suspended him for two months after he walked out in January, and that he was fired by the company months later on his wedding day in June 2014. He said that them firing him on his wedding day was the last straw and he said that he would never return to the WWE. He also said that after a legal settlement with WWE, there would not be a further working relationship between them. The settlement that was reached included Punk giving the company permission to sell the rest of his remaining merchandise. Punk said that the main reason he left the WWE was because of his health problems. Punk said that during his last months with the company, he was working through an untreated and possibly fatal MRSA infection, broken ribs, injured knees, multiple concussions which included one at the Royal Rumble when Kofi Kingston kicked him, as well as having lost his appetite and ability to sleep well. He felt that the company had been pressuring and rushing him to wrestle before he was fully healed. Punk also noted that he was unhappy with his failure to main event a WrestleMania (saying that his entire career was a failure as a result), him being paid less than the other top wrestlers on the card for WrestleMania 29, being "creatively stifled" and him having the feeling that there were no long-term plans for wrestlers other than John Cena, as well as receiving smaller paychecks and not getting answers as to how the WWE Network would effect the salaries of the wrestlers. Punk ended with saying that he has "zero passion" left for wrestling.

After gaining independence in 1991 with the end of the Soviet Union, Azerbaijan made the long and difficult change from a command economy to a market economy. The government has largely completed privatization of agricultural lands and small, medium and large stateowned companies. Azerbaijan is still making economic reforms. With independence, Azerbaijan became a member of the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the Islamic Development Bank and the Asian Development Bank. Azerbaijan's currency is the Azerbaijani manat which is divided into 100 qəpik. It became the national currency in 1992 and replaced the old Soviet ruble. The Central Bank of Azerbaijan was created in 1992 as Azerbaijan's central bank. It is responsible for printing and distributing the national currency, the Azerbaijani manat, and controlling all commercial banks.
Azerbaijan is rich in natural resources which provide energy, especially in crude oil and natural gas, and hydroelectricity and wind power. Other natural resources include minerals such as gold, silver, iron, copper, titanium, chromium, manganese, cobalt, molybdenum, complex ore and antimony which are mined. Crude oil and natural gas, are the most important products of Azerbaijan's economy and the main sources of export contributing to its economic growth. They are also the basis for an widespread system of refineries, which produce gasoline, herbicides, fertilizers, kerosene, synthetic rubber, and plastics. The oil and natural gas are carried through pipelines from the Caspian Sea to the Black Sea ports of Novorossiysk in Russia and Suspa in Georgia and to the Mediterranean Sea port Ceyhan in Turkey. Hydroelectric power plants supply 20% of the country's electric capacity and wind power production is slowly increasing. Other major industries include cement, fertiliser, steel, chemicals, automobiles, and machinery.

One day, the KND are playing a videogame. While Numbuh 2 gives Numbuh 1 a training simulation helmet, which according to Numbuh 2 "a numbuh one size fits all." Then, the Toilenator shows up and ties up the rest of the team, while Numbuh 1 thinks this is a simulation, not the real thing. So after he defeats the "simulated" Toilenator, he decides to throw him out the window, which he also thinks is simulated. After Numbuh 1 frees the team, and they inform him that the Toilenator is, in fact real, Numbuh 86 reports. The most dangerous villains the KND has fought have escaped from the maximum security prison at the KND Arctic Base. Numbuh 86 states that while she will normally get the other KND sectors to help out they are all at the beach and so Sector V is tasked with recapturing the villains and taking them to their even more maximum security prison on the dark side of the moon. She also mentions that Gramma Stuffum has taken over the Sprinkle Puff Donut Shoppe and is filling the donuts with liver and spinach creme Numbuh 1 has decided to go after Gramma Stuffum and assigns Numbuhs 2, 3, and 5 to track down the other villains while leaving Numbuh 4 to guard the Treehouse (a role in which with he is not happy). Numbuh 1 makes his way through the Sprinkle Puff Donut Shoppe through a giant oven, a giant fan, a river of dough, and finally confronting Gramma Stuffum and her Chuck Wagon in her lair. After he defeats Gramma Stuffum Numbuh 1 gets a call from Numbuh 4 (who really needs the toilet) informing him that the KND Treehouse is covered in snot. Numbuh 1 is convinced that all the snot means the Common Cold has invaded the treehouse. He informs all of Sector V that the treehouse is under attack and Numbuh 5 heads back to stop him meanwhile a mysterious person steals the engine core from the Chuck Wagon.

The main character Lloyd Irving and his friends, Genis Sage and Colette Brunel, are sent away from the town where Lloyd lived. Genis' sister Raine and the mercenary Kratos join them. While traveling, Colette begins to change into an angel. Lloyd learns that she is in charge of saving the world. Two groups of people want her to stop. They are the Desians, bad guys that enslave humans, and Sheena, a woman that wants to kill Colette. Sheena and Colette save each other from the Desians and become friends. Eventually, they get ready to save the world. Kratos betrays Colette and the others to Cruxis, the angels who control the Desians. Lloyd and the others manage to escape. They go to a different world called Tethe'alla. There, they make three new friends called Zelos, Presea, and Regal. Kratos still wants to find them and the Cruxis leader, Mithos, is very angry. Lloyd's group learns that if they want to save the world, they need to have Sheena gain the power of the eight "Summon Spirits". The spirits are magical creatures. After using the power of the summon spirits, the problem gets worse. Lloyd and Kratos need to work together to save the world from being destroyed by the Giant Kharlan Tree. Yuan uses a drug where it puts people to sleep on everyone. After this, Lloyd wakes up in the middle of the night. Kratos is with Yuan and two of Yuan's henchman. Lloyd learns that Kratos is his father. Kratos dives in front of Lloyd to stop him from being hurt. Kratos then tells Lloyd that there is a ninth Summon Spirit by the name of Origin. Lloyd has to fight Kratos to get its help because Origin was sealed by Kratos himself. The Summon Spirit helps Lloyd use the eternal sword. After this, they go to Derris Kharlan and there is one last battle with Mithos.

Francetić earned his only military education and officer rank while serving the Kingdom of Yugoslavia Army. He became a non-commissioned officer in the rank of sergeant. About Francetić's military experience and knowledge, his Ustashe superior Eugen Dido Kvaternik wrote: "He did not have basic military knowledge nor military education, nor did he have any talent for basic military organization.". After establishment of the Independent State of Croatia in April 1941 he and other 10 Ustašas organized the Black Legion (Croatian: Crna Legija). Jure Francetić became the leader of the Black Legion and earned the rank of colonel in the Ustaša army. Kvaternik believed that Francetić "a born guerrilla and a son of our mountainous Hercegovina" was the reason good enough to put him in the role of military leader in Bosnia and Herzegovina. In order to consolidate the Ustashe party power, much of the party work in the province he put in the hands of Catholic priests. Francetić's Ustashe took control over the local administration by dismissing all civil servants and teachers belonging to the category of "Srbijanci", as well as those who were Jews. Killings, arrests, and deportation of Serbs and Jews was a regular duty of Francetić's henchmen - based and justified by the official Ustashe policy which demanded total extermination of Jews and murder, expulsion, and conversion to the Roman Catholicism of Serb population in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Francetić participated personally in arresting and interrogations of prominent Serbian and Jewish leaders (Vaso Miskin, Albahari) and ordered the murders of some of them. He even turned his own Sarajevo apartment into the prison kitchen and laundry room.

Nowruz has been celebrated by people from different ethnic communities and religious backgrounds for thousands of years. It started in Persia in one of the capitals of the Achaemenid Empire in Persis (Fars). It has been registered by UNESCO as The "International Day of Nowruz" a cultural and spiritual heritage of mankind on October 29, 2009. UN General Assembly also registered Nowruz as an Iranian heritage in its calendar. UN General Assembly described it as a festival celebrated for more than 3,000 years. Nowadays more than 300 million people celebrate it all over the world .UN document explained on March 23rd 2010.
Iran hosted celebrating Nowruz in the United Nations and UNESCO for the first time in 2012. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon also issued a message on the occasion.
According to the book Documents on the Persian Gulf's name, Nowruz was originated in ancient Persia. This celebration is attributed to the mythical king Jamshid. Iranians celebrated Nowruz continuously at least since 500 BC .Historically the ethnics residing in geographical civilization of PERSIA have celebrated changing of the seasons or solar rotations, the equinoxes (March ( 21st) and September (about 23rd) and the solstices in June (20th or 21st) and December (21st or 22nd). they in fact were honoring and welcoming sun developments and return of spirit of the dead in this special days.
there are indications that Iranians may have observed the beginning of both autumn and spring, respectively related to the harvest and the sowing of seeds, for the celebration of the New Year.
the March equinox or Nowruz is formally the beginning of the new year in Iran and Afghanistan and Nowruz festival start in last Wednesday of the end of year and continues till 13 first month of new year. It is a national holiday now in all Iranian neighboring countries including, Azerbaijan, Iraq, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Pakistan, Russia, Syria, Tajikistan, Turkey, Turkmenistan , Georgia, India,Uzbekistan.

Olive Thomas (October 20, 1894 – September 10, 1920) was an American silent movie actress and model. Her first movie, "Madcap Madge", was released in June 1917. Thomas' popularity at movie studios grew with performances in "Indiscreet Corrine" (1917) and "Limousine Life" (1918). Oliva R. Duffy was born on October 20, 1894, in Charleroi, Pennsylvania, the eldest of three children, with two younger brothers. Olive or Ollie, as she was known to family and friends, did not have much of a childhood. Life in industrial Pittsburgh was depressing and grim with its smoky factories and hard living. Olive accidentally ingested bi-chloride of mercury from a French-labeled bottle in a darkened bathroom, believing it to be another medication. Found unconscious, she died five days later. The death made worldwide headlines. Olive was only 25 when she died. She was immediately rushed to a hospital. Blinded and unable to talk due to burned vocal chords, it was hard for her to communicate with the French police, who were investigating the incident. In any case, the police left satisfied the event was an accident. Thomas died a day later, with her husband and brother-in-law Owen Moore at her side. She was 25 years old. Olive's final film, Everybody's Sweetheart (1920), was released after her death. Her name lives on, steeped in her scandal, enhanced by fabrications in Hollywood Babylon. Many of her films still reportedly exist (about 12 complete and some in fragments), though they have not as of yet been released on DVD or home video. On September 10, 1920, Thomas died of acute nephritis in Paris five days after consuming mercury bichloride. Although her death was ruled accidental. Thomas' death has been called as one of the first heavily publicized Hollywood scandals. Only daughter in a family of three. Her brothers were Michael James (born February 1893) and William L. (born May 1898).

"When prominent Ustashi [Ustaše] leaders claimed that they slaughtered a million Serbs (including babies, children, women and old men), that is, in my opinion, a boastful exaggeration. On the basis of the reports submitted to me, I believe that the number of defenseless victims slaughtered to be three quarters of a million. (Neubacher, Dr. Hermann. Special Assignment in the Southeast, p. 18-30.)
Italian generals reported similar figures to their commanders. The Vatican's sources also wrote of similar figures. For example, Eugen Tisserant reported that 350,000 Serbs had been killed by the end of 1942. Godfried Danneels estimated that a total of "over 500,000 people" were killed.
The Ustaše themselves claimed that they had killed many more people. Vjekoslav "Maks" Luburić, commander-in-chief of all the Croatian camps, once bragged about Jasenovac's "efficiency." At a ceremony on October 9, 1942 - just a year after the camp was created - he said: "We have slaughtered here at Jasenovac more people than the Ottoman Empire was able to do during its occupation of Europe." The Ustaše general headquarters once published a pamphlet that said: "the concentration and labor camp in Jasenovac can receive an unlimited number of internees [prisoners]." Finally, Miroslav Filipovic-Majstorovic, once captured by Yugoslav forces, tried to minimize the crimes committed in Jasenovac by saying that during the three months that he ran the camp, 20,000 to 30,000 people died. In other sources, that three months' death toll is displayed as 40,000.

Queen Mother Moore (born Audley Moore; July 27, 1898 – May 2, 1997) was a strong African-American civil rights leader and Black nationalist (someone who fights for Black people to be thought of as an individual race) as well as being an activist for 70 years.
She spent her life fighting for Black freedom and her rights. Her childhood was filled with racism and shaped her ideas for the future. In the 1920s, she was involved in Marcus Garvey’s UNIA, which fought for the creation of organizations by and for the Black community. In 1933, she turned to the Communist party because they were the only ones focused on her rights. With them, she deepened her studies of race, class, gender, and reparations (giving back to victims of slavery and their descendants). She publicly spoke against Italy’s invasion of Ethiopia and in favor of the Scottsboro Boys. She left the party in 1950 and became a republican, then a democrat. For most of the 1950s and 1960s, Moore was the most known leader for African-American reparations. She was a “shero” (heroine) in Harlem and a role model. She went on to create the Universal Association of Ethiopian Women and the in the 1960s, which was a diverse community organization fighting for reparations, and strengthened other organizations along the way. The efforts of UAEW members caused the state of Louisiana to rethink the idea of reparations. In 1963, in honor of the 100-year anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation, the group helped Black Americans file formal reparations claims (asking for something to make up for an unfair act) to the US government. On a trip to Africa in 1972, the Ashanti people in Ghana gave her the honorary title of “Queen Mother”.

Rather than ignore or accept the situation, Lincoln had to mend a broken nation or see it torn apart. Between the presidential election and his inauguration, the seven states that seceded formed the Confederate States of America. Their constitution was patterned after the United States Constitution with four differences. It supported states' Sovereignty. It guaranteed slavery would always exist in the Confederate states. It did not allow the Southern Congress to establish protective tariffs. It also limited the term of president of the Confederate states to 6 years. Jefferson Davis was elected as president of the CSA. He was a Mississippi slave owner, a U.S. senator and had also been secretary of war under President Franklin Pierce. The CSA assumed several philosophical positions that differed from those of the United States. It assumed the United States was merely an association of sovereign states as they had been under the Articles of Confederation before the acceptance of the U.S. Constitution. They maintained that as such, each state was free to leave the association of states. The North saw the Union as a permanent country. Lincoln pointed out that each state had given up its own sovereignty when it ratified and accepted the Constitution. He also argued that no state had the right to revolt against their country, the United States of America. But Lincoln remained silent about the CSA from their formation until his inauguration. He repeated his campaign promise, that as President he would take no steps to stop or limit slavery in those states where it already existed. However, he did not accept the proposals made by the Peace Commission. Demonstrating his peaceful intentions, his inaugural address was aimed at preventing other Southern states from joining the CSA. They were not enemies. He would not attack the CSA but would keep and maintain all property of the United States government that existed in the Southern states.

At the next race in Monaco, Verstappen qualified second behind Charles Leclerc, but Leclerc suffered a driveshaft failure on the way to the grid and was unable to start the race. Verstappen controlled the race from the front on the way to victory. Hamilton (who qualified seventh) finished seventh, though claiming an extra championship point by setting the fastest race lap. The result enabled Verstappen to take the lead in the Drivers' Championship for the first time in his career, by a margin of four points over Hamilton. At the Azerbaijan Grand Prix, Verstappen qualified third behind Leclerc and Hamilton. Verstappen and Hamilton passed Leclerc in the opening laps before Verstappen took the lead by way of a faster pitstop. Verstappen would comfortably hold the lead until lap 46 when he suffered a tyre failure causing him to crash at high-speed and retire. A mistake by Hamilton on the restart dropped him to last place, meaning Verstappen maintained his championship lead. Verstappen took pole for the French Grand Prix. Verstappen's mistake on the first lap allowed Hamilton to take the lead which Verstappen retook during the pit stop phase. Verstappen pitted for a second time from the lead and set after the Mercedes duo, overtaking Hamilton for the lead on lap 52 of 53. He also took the fastest lap point, extending his championship lead to twelve points. Verstappen clinched pole position again at the Styrian Grand Prix and led the race from start to finish, to give him his fourth win of the season and further extend his lead to 18 points.

The National Hurricane Center began monitoring a tropical wave that would later become Gamma around November 11, but the system did not develop into a tropical depression until after it had passed the Lesser Antilles on November 13. At that time, the storm was called Tropical Depression Twenty-Seven and was predicted to strengthen into a strong tropical storm or a weak hurricane as it moved across the Caribbean Sea. However, a second system developing in the southwestern edge of the Caribbean began pushing wind shear onto the depression on November 14, then weakening the depression into a tropical low; advisories were then temporarily stopped. On later reanalysis, it was found that the depression had probably become a tropical storm by November 15 at 0600 UTC for less than 6 hours, but was not named during the time.
As the remnants of Twenty-Seven moved west, the system in the southwestern Caribbean moved onto land in Nicaragua and quickly weakened, reducing wind shear on the remnant low. Near Honduras, the two systems combined and rapidly gained the characteristics of a tropical cyclone on November 18, when it was upgraded directly to a tropical storm and given the name "Gamma". It is clearly unknown whether the remnant low of Gamma absorbed the low pressure system or happened the other way, but forecasters at the National Hurricane Center though that it was more likely that Gamma absorbed the other system. (If it were determined to be the other way around, the previously mentioned Tropical Storm Twenty-Seven would have been a separate and unnamed tropical storm.)

On September 20, 2007, the very successful manager José Mourinho left the club by "mutual consent". This exit came just days after a shockingly poor performance which saw them barely scrape out a 1-1 draw in a Champions League tie against Norwegian side Rosenborg B.K.. Following Mourinho's exit, Chelsea made Director of Football Avram Grant, the former manager of Israel from 2002 to 2006, the new manager of the club, until May 2008. Grant took over with Chelsea trailing in the Premier League "title race" behind Manchester United and Arsenal, and managed to keep Chelsea in the hunt for the league until the last game of the season. He got Chelsea into the Champions League Final for the first time as well as the Carling Cup Final, but he was sacked at the end of the season, along with assistant Henk ten Cate. Grant was sacked from the job after he lost in the final in a 5-6 penalty shootout loss to Manchester United and replaced by Luiz Felipe Scolari, the then-Portugal coach, in August. However, after a poor run of results Scolari was sacked on February 9, 2009. Guus Hiddink took over the club until the rest of the season. In early June they played in the FA Cup final against Everton, where Chelsea won 2-1, after Frank Lampard and Didier Drogba scored goals. In that final, Louis Saha of Everton scored the fastest goal in FA Cup history, in 25 seconds. A week later, the former Milan manager Carlo Ancelotti was named as the new manager of Chelsea. Antonio Conte was their manager until July 2018 and helped them win the 2016/17 league title. Frank Lampard, former Chelsea player, became Chelsea F.C.'s successor manager. He was sacked in mid-season of 2020/21 following series of poor performances. Thomas Tuchel replaced him, and successfully took Chelsea to the finals of UEFA Champions League 2020/21, played against Manchester City, held in Istanbul, Turkey. Chelsea won the final 1-0, with the winning goal scored by Kai Havertz.

Clark was born in Macon, Georgia. He graduated from LaGrange College in 1969 with a degree in the performing arts.
A decorated Infantry Platoon Leader in the Vietnam War, Clark brought the plight of the Vietnam Veteran to the people of America in a humorous way in the 80's and was adopted by numerous Veteran Organizations throughout the United States. His personal quote is "I was born and raised in Georgia and fought in Vietnam. It was like being punished for the same thing twice. In fact, I used to have flashbacks "in" Vietnam."
Having moved from his home state of Georgia to Hollywood, Clark soon landed his first "Tonight Show with Johnny Carson" and soon thereafter, was cast in his first of many recurring roles on Television as Fred the Chauffeur on "Remington Steele". Since then, he has been Harry, Tim Taylor's friend on "Home Improvement"; Jules, the next-door neighbor on "The Drew Carey Show"; Chet Hunter, Sean's father on "Boy Meets World", and Bob the womanizing boss on "The Jamie Foxx Show". And he recently received critical acclaim as Drew Barrymore's father in the hit movie, "50 First Dates". He also acted as an umpire in the 2006 movie "The Benchwarmers". He even came out in the 2008 movie "Get Smart", starring Steve Carell and Anne Hathaway.
Clark has traveled the world doing comedy and recently went to Iraq for an extended USO Tour with Drew Carey. He is a warm, intelligent, funny, and innovative social commentator with a quiet patriotism that he lives as well as portrays. His comedy runs the gamut from observation on the current military conflict to his Southern root in Georgia. He is a man of all seasons.
He has also made special appearances in "Politically Incorrect, Memorial Day, 2001", "Redneck Comedy Roundup", "Redneck Comedy Roundup 2", "Campus Movie Network", "Mancow's Morning Madhouse", "Waste Watch Journal", and others as well.

Food shops have been around since antiquity. Originally each type of merchandise had a specialised shop where one would go to buy their goods and wares. Before shops, would people typically obtained goods by the barter method or by purchasing locally grown foods and locally made goods from local sellers. Beginning with Middle Eastern towns in the 7th millennium BCE, retail marketplaces emerged when civilizations created money to allow buying and selling more easily. These open-air markets were the first type of retail outlet that could be called shops. By the 17th century, permanent shops with more regular trading hours were beginning to overtake markets and fairs as the main retail outlet. Shopkeepers were active in almost every market town. These shopkeepers sold general merchandise, much like a contemporary convenience store or a general store. As the number of shops grew, they changed. The shopfronts and layouts became more like what people see today. Before the eighteenth century, the typical retail store had no counter, display cases, chairs, mirrors, changing rooms, etc. However, the opportunity for the customer to browse merchandise, touch, and feel products began to be available, with retail innovations from the late 17th and early 18th centuries. By the Victorian period greengrocers were an everyday part of most English towns. This situation continued pretty much the same until the late Victorian period when shops that offered a wider range of products began to be seen. However, in villages, the population could not support larger shops and the reliance on small trade outlets such as greengrocers, bakers, butchers, and general ware shops was the norm. About the turn of the century corner shops (so-called convenience shops) sprang up as mini supermarkets offering all forms of retail items. In the mid-twentieth century, towns were growing larger as people moved from rural areas to urban areas in search of jobs due to the industrial revolution. This made it possible for supermarkets to thrive. Specialized shops such as the baker, butcher, and grocer began to close. In the first decade of the 2000s there was a decline of close to 3000 registered greengrocers on Britain's streets. In April 1997 there were 6,916 registered greengrocers but this had declined to 3,948 by April of 2008.

Epidemiological investigations may lead to a reductionist or limited point of view, medical anthropology provides a more holistic view of the problem and examines the issue from different angles to best understand and help the populations in need. Another critical contribution of medical anthropology has been with critical qualitative data. It provides rich sources of information on understanding the population's subjective experiences. It provides qualitative data explaining why a particular intervention or treatment may have failed among a particular population. Their main contributions have been helping develop epidemiological surveys by taking into account word choice and the "social suitability" of questions. Medical anthropologists have played a large role in helping locals better understand the objectives of epidemiologists and helped them become more receptive of their investigations. Medical anthropology helps explain health phenomenon and create and test hypothesis relating to such explanations. While epidemiology is good at understanding numerical patterns and biological causes for disease/health conditions, it is unable to fully explain all the factors that underlie certain diseases/health conditions. This is a gap that medical anthropology has been able to pick up on and complement by providing rich qualitative data which looks at health and diseases from a holistic perspective.
Some notable mentions of medical anthropologists who have worked and contributed to epidemiology and public health in general include Dr. Jim Kim and Paul Farmer. Dr. Jim Kim served as the president of the World Bank while Paul Farmer is a physician and medical anthropologist who focuses on infectious diseases and treatment. These men co-founded the Partners in Health program, which provided free health care to the poorest populations in countries like Haiti, Peru, and Rwanda. Other notable mentions are Amber Wutich and Alexandra Brewis. Both are professors and researchers at Arizona State University. They focus on health impacts caused by resource scarcity, specifically relating to lack of access to clean water in developing countries. Wutich is a director of the Global Ethnohydrology study which looks at water knowledge and management in ten countries, while Brewis researches the impact of culture on human biology.

He defeated Jeff Hardy to again retain the WWE Title at the Royal Rumble. John Cena returned and won the 2008 Royal Rumble. Instead of facing the champ at Wrestlemania Orton faced Cena for the title at No Way Out. Orton intententionally got himself disqualifed thus retained the title. At Wrestlemania 24 Orton faced John Cena and Triple H. He won the match. The next month at Backlash, Orton faced Triple H, John Cena and JBL in a Fatal 4 Way Elimination Match for the title. He was pinned by Triple H. After losing at Judgement Day Orton faced Triple H at One Night Stand and broke his collarbone.
Just before he made his return Orton reinjured himself in a motorcycle accident. At Unforgiven Orton, Cody Rhodes, Ted Dibiase and Manu cost World Heavyweight Champion CM Punk his title in a title match. He made his in ring return by losing to CM Punk by Disqualification when Ted Dibiase interfered. On 1 December episode of RAW he made an alliance with Cody Rhodes Ted DiBiase and Manu called Legacy He began 2009 by winning the 2009 Royal Rumble. At the 25th Anniversary of Wrestlemania Orton lost to Triple H in a title match. He punted each member of the McMahon family before beating Triple H in a 6 man tag team match for the title. He intentionally disqualified himself at Judgement Day to retain the WWE Title. At Extreme Rules he was beaten by Batista for the title. The next night on RAW Batista vacated the WWE Title due to an injury and Orton won it in the main event. He challenged John Cena to a title match and the stip was if he won he gets the title and if he loses he must quit RAW for good. He lost to John Cena in a I Quit Match at the Breaking Point pay per view. The next month at Hell In A Cell Orton defeated Cena in a Hell In A Cell match to win the title back. At Bragging Rights Orton and Cena were tied 5-5 in an Ironman match with only few seconds remaining. Suddenly John Cena locked Orton in the STFU and Orton tapped and lost the title.

The color strong force is the strong interaction between the three quarks that a proton or neutron is made of. It is called the color strong force because, like the electromagnetic force, the strong force has charges. The electromagnetic force has only one type of charge, which can be either positive or negative (magnetic charges are just slow-moving electric charges), but the strong force has three types. These three types of charges are named after colors: red, green, and blue. They also have anti-colors: anti-red, anti-green and anti-blue. Like the electromagnetic force's positive and negative charges, different colors attract, and the same colors repel. Some particles that have color charge are quarks and antiquarks. The type of quark is not related to that quark's color charge at all. Quarks are one of the smallest particles currently known. They take up no space because they are points, and they are the only particles that we have not been able to break apart from other particles yet. This is because the nature of the strong force between particles is that it becomes stronger the further away the particles are. The force carrier of the strong force is called the gluon. Gluons also have color charge. Both quarks and gluons have properties that make them unique from other particles, as described in the Standard Model.
The nuclear force, or residual strong force (the force left over after holding the quarks together to make hadrons) is the (leftover) strong force acting between hadrons (particles made of quarks, like protons and neutrons). It is what holds the nucleus of an atom together.

Thurgood Marshall attended Frederick Douglass High School in Baltimore, Maryland and was in the class with the brightest students. He graduated a year early in 1925 with a B-grade average, and was in the top three of his class. In 1929, he married Vivian Burey. He went on to attend Lincoln University and graduated in 1930. He applied to the University of Maryland Law School, but was denied admission because he was black. He later joined the NAACP (National Association for the Advancement of Colored People) and became an active member. In 1934, Marshall became director of the NAACP, Legal Defense and for an Educational Fund. He won his first major civil rights case in Maryland in 1935 with the help of Charles Houston. He won 29 of 32 Supreme Court cases. He went on to argue thirty-two cases before the Supreme Court in 1940. Marshall argued in the Smith v. Allwright which disputed the Texan government preventing the rights of black people from voting in 1944. He also fought in the Brown vs. Board of Education of Topeka about racial segregation in public schools in 1948, which was one of the biggest cases of the century. In 1954 the Supreme Court ended racial segregation in public schools. This was a rule violation of the 14th Amendment. It made way for integration and was a major victory of the civil rights movement. He then went on to investigate U.S. Army courts-martial in 1950-1951, in Japan and Korea to help African American soldiers. In 1961 John F. Kennedy appointed him to the US Court of Appeals and he won 29 cases before attending the Supreme Court.

In 674 Benedict Biscop, a Northumbrian nobleman, built a monastery known as Monkwearmouth. Egfrith, King of Northumbria gave him fifty hides of land at the mouth of the River Wear. This monastery would be dedicated to Saint Peter and came to be called St. Peter's at Monkwearmouth. Benedict wanted his monastery to be a center of both learning and religion. Benedict used Frankish stonemasons who he brought over to England to construct the monastery. Monkwearmouth was the first (and Jarrow the second) church structures to be built of stone in England. Benedict them brought over glassmakers from Frankia to fit the windows of the church and chapels with fine stained glass. They established a workshop there at Monkwearwolf. Within a year the monastery was completed. In 678 a letter from Pope Agatho exempted the monastery from external control. Benedict got all the , sacred vessels, decorations and . Some he found locally while others he bought in Francia and Rome. In 682 King Egfrith gave another forty hides of land to Benedict for a second monastery. It was to be at the mouth of the River Trent at Jarrow. The dedication ceremony for Jarrow abbey was held on 23 April 685. Named for Saint Paul when the sister monastery was completed Benedict assigned Ceolfrith to the abbot. Bede, who was about ten years old at the time, was one of the monks who went with him. King Egfrid, who was at the dedication, died in battle against the Picts less than a month later. The two sister abbeys, only seven miles apart, were thought of as one. 
The library that Benedict started made it possible for Bede to write his works including his famous "Ecclesiastical History of the English People".information from. There wasn't another library like it in England. By the time of his death in 689 Benedict had completed four trips to Rome and the south and brought back large collections of books each time. The full extent of Bede's work would still not be possible if not for Ceolfrid, the fourth abbot. He doubled the size of the library left by Benedict Biscop.

The Military Commissions Act 2006 was passed on 17 October 2006, allowing trial in military court for war criminals. On 12 June 2008, the US Supreme Court decided against the government. Justice Antony Kennedy said that Guantanamo prisoners had the right to petition in federal court.
On 3 March 2006, on order of US District Judge Jed S. Rakoff, the Department of Defense released the names of 317 of the 500 prisoners being held in Guantanamo Bay. The remaining 183 were held for privacy reasons.
On 27 September 2007, French Judge put back a conviction of six former Guantanamo prisoners. Defense lawyers for the men (who were all French citizens), accused the French government of working with the US on their detentions.
On 21 October 2008, US District Court Judge Richard J. Leon ordered the release of five Algerians and for a sixth to remain in Guantanamo.
In the summer of 2012, the US government rejected a bid to limit lawyers' access to Guantanamo prisoners. Instead lawyers were required to sign a "Memorandum of Understanding", meaning that they agreed to certain restriction when visiting the prisoners, including losing access to some classified information. This gave the Commander of the Joint Task Force of Guantanamo full control over lawyers' contacct with prisoners, including visits and letters. On 6 September, US District Judge Royce. C Lamberth rejected the argument that prison officers to take charge of meetings between lawyers and prisoners
In April 2004, diplomats called for a investigation of Guantanamo Bay
In May 2007, the United Nations released a report for the UN Human Rights CouncilThe report said that the US had broken international law, Article 5 of the Geneva conventions, and the Nuremberg principles.
In April 2011, a report published in the Public Library of Science Medical Journal looked at nine prisoners for evidence of torture. They found that medical doctors at Guantanamo ignored or hid medical evidence of intentional harm and torture. 
The base containing the prison camp is on territory that is recognized as sovereign Cuban territory. It is legally leased (rented) to the American Navy by the Cuban government through the 'Agreement between the United States and Cuba for the Lease of Lands for Coaling and Naval sites'. This suggests it is illegal for the US to hold a prison on the land.

In 1824, Governor Sir Thomas Brisbane asked Hovell to go with Hamilton Hume to explore the south part of New South Wales and Victoria. He wanted to know more about any rivers that might run south. Hovell was not an explorer but he knew how to navigate (find out where he was). There were problems deciding who was going to pay for the expedition. The two explorers bought most of the equipment. The government provided saddles, clothes, blankets and guns. Hume and Hovell left Sydney on October 3 1824, with six men, five bullocks, three horses and two carts. The Murrumbidgee River was in flood so they had to make one of the carts into a kind of boat to get across. The men, horses, and bullocks swam over. A day or two later, in rough hilly country, they had great difficulty in finding a path for the carts. On October 27 they decided to leave them behind. They came to a large river on November 16, which Hovell called "Hume's River" "he being the first that saw it". This was the Murray River renamed by Charles Sturt a few years later. It was impossible to cross here (near the site of Albury), but after a few days they found a better place. They built the rough frame of a boat and managed to get across. By December 3, they had reached the Goulburn River. During the next ten days it was hard traveling through rough country, but they did get to more level and open land. 
On December 16, they saw Port Phillip Bay. They went along its shores in south-westerly direction. They came to what is now Corio Bay near Geelong. Hovell made a mistake of one degree in working out the longitude. The explorers thought that they were on Western Port Bay. The party went back on December 18, and went more to the west. This was an easier journey. By January 8 1825, they came to the end of their food. For a few days they lived on fish and a kangaroo they were able to shoot. On January 16 they reached the carts they had left behind them, and 2 days later came to Lake George.

Today, South Koreans write using a mix of hangul (the native Korean alphabet) and hanja 漢子 (the Korean version of Chinese characters), although they write using the latter far less than Chinese and Japanese do. Since Chinese words often sound similar to each other even in Chinese, they also became homophones when they came into Korean, but since Korean lacks tones, they sound even more alike in Korean. South Koreans usually write only in hangul, but sometimes when a word has many homophones and the meaning of the word is unclear from context, Koreans sometimes write the word in hanja so that there is no confusion between words. For example, since the Korean word "sudo" (hanja: 수도) has many homophones and can have meanings like "spiritual discipline", "prisoner", "city of water, i.e. Venice or Suzhou", "paddy rice", "drain/rivers/path of surface water", "tunnel", or "capital city", so to avoid confusion about what "sudo" means, these words can be written by their hanja, which are 修道, 囚徒, 水都, 水稻, 水道, 隧道, and 首都. However, Koreans almost never write native Korean words in hanja. For example, native Korean words like "Hananim" (hangul: 하나님, hanja: 神, meaning: God), "mul" (hangul: 물, hanja: 水, meaning: water), "mal" (hangul: 말, hanja: 馬, meaning: horse), "nara" (hangul: 나라, hanja: 國, country), and "saram" (hangul: 사람, hanja: 人, meaning: person) will almost always be written in hangul, even though many of them can be written in hanja. This is different from Japanese, which often writes Chinese characters to represent both native Japanese words and Chinese loanwords.

Ocala has two main seasons: the dry season (October–May) and the wet season (June–September). During the dry season, there is almost endless sunshine with very little rain. In January, the morning low temperatures are often in the 30s and 40s, but the cloudless sunny weather typically warms the dry air up to near 70 by the afternoon. During the wet season, afternoon thunderstorms are a daily thing. These storms are often severe (unofficially, Ocala is known to have more cloud-to-ground lightning per square mile than any other city in the world). The typical morning low temperatures during the wet season are in the 70's and typical daytime high temperatures are in the 90s. Due to the city being relatively far away from the moderating influence of the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico, Ocala's summertime temperatures are often the highest in the state while winter temperatures are often the lowest compared to other cities on the peninsula. Also, Ocala's distance from the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico means the city has more days of sunshine than Florida's coastal cities. This is, in part, why the Ocala/Marion County area is called "the kingdom of the sun." The last snowfall of any significance fell on December 24, 1989, when the city was struck by an ice and snow storm. However, the morning of January 9, 2010, there was a dusting of snow on the ground in city center. A plume of record cold air mixed with moisture caused wintry precipitation to erupt across northern and central Florida.
As of the census of 2020, there were 63,591 people living in the city. There were 28,284 housing units, of which 25,531 were occupied (90.3%). The racial makeup of the city was 60.0% White, 19.3% African American, 0.3% Native American, 3.9% Asian, 5.3% from other races, and 11.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 17.1% of the population.

In February 2010 the band recorded the album Untill March 2013 for their new album Bank Annocued Sheri next Album In September 2011 the band was goin ton short hiatus In 2010 - March 2013 for the band album The band performed Guggenheim Museum In November 2011 then before during after their 2nd album In February 2010 - October 2012 the band would take 2 1/2 year break from music In January 2012, MGMT confirmed in an interview with "Intercourse Magazine" that they had started work on their third album, with VanWyngarden stating that he had written five songs. On February 27, 2012, MGMT began recording the album with Dave Fridmann at his Tarbox Road Studios. In March 2012, VanWyngarden said that MGMT will perform new songs on their upcoming shows in Latin America. On February 14 2010 and March 16, 2010 the band launched anew song first was in San Antonio with Alien Days then other there In Asia In March 2010 the band debuted Your life is a lie with their old albums for the new album the band wrote new songs for their The band worked writing and recording their 3rd album In February 2010 In March 12, 2013 the band fi shed recording the album On March 30, 2012, the band premiered a new song, entitled "Alien Days", at a show in Bogotá, Colombia. The band performed on August 3, 2012 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada at Osheaga, and on August 5, 2012 in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania at Musikfest. In January 2013, "NME" and "Rolling Stone" published an interview in which the band announced that the album was tentatively scheduled for a June 2013 release. As of March 2013, the process of recording the album at Tarbox Road Studios with Fridmann was near completion. in August 2012 the band finished their The Congratulations Tour (2010 - 2012)

Congress has several powers related to war and the armed forces. Under the War Powers Clause, only Congress may declare war, but in several cases it has, without declaring war, granted the President the authority to engage in military conflicts. Five wars have been declared in United States' history: the War of 1812, the Mexican–American War, the Spanish–American War, World War I and World War II. Some historians argue that the legal doctrines and legislation passed during the operations against Pancho Villa constitute a sixth declaration of war. Congress may grant letters of marque and reprisal. Congress may establish and support the armed forces, but no appropriation made for the support of the army may be used for more than two years. This provision was inserted because the Framers feared the establishment of a standing army, beyond civilian control, during peacetime. Congress may regulate or call forth the state militias, but the states retain the authority to appoint officers and train personnel. Congress also has exclusive power to make rules and regulations governing the land and naval forces. Although the executive branch and the Pentagon have asserted an ever-increasing measure of involvement in this process, the U.S. Supreme Court has often reaffirmed Congress's exclusive hold on this power (e.g. Burns v. Wilson, 346 U.S. 137 (1953)). Congress used this power twice soon after World War II with the enactment of two statutes: the Uniform Code of Military Justice to improve the quality and fairness of courts martial and military justice, and the Federal Tort Claims Act which among other rights had allowed military service persons to sue for damages until the U.S. Supreme Court repealed that section of the statute in a divisive series of cases, known collectively as the Feres Doctrine.

In another cutscene a human ship with Master Chief,Johnson and Cortana aboard follows the covenant ship through the portal to the new Halo. The player must now take control of Chief as he battles to stop the Covenant from firing the ring. Eventually the player kills the Prophet of Regret, a Covenant leader, and stops the Halo from being fired. Unfortunately before the player can recover the Index, the control for firing the Halo, they are captured by the leader of the Flood, known as "the Gravemind". In a cutscene we see the new Arbiter sent down to the Halo to recover the Index before Chief can destroy it. When he arrives though, he and his followers are betrayed and their former allies begin to attack. Here the player must control Arbiter and his followers as they attempt to escape the betrayal and ambush. The arbiter is eventually also captured by the Gravemind and meets up with Master Chief. The two of them break free of Gravemind, whose Flood followers have now taken over a huge Covenant ship called "High Charity". Arbiter and Chief, now controlled by the player again, race to the Halo control to stop the Covenant from firing the ring one last time. They are successful in stopping the Covenant, but the Prophet of Truth, the last of their leaders escapes on a spacecraft unharmed. Chiefs AI companion Cortana stays behind on the Halo, promising to destroy it if any Covenant ever return. Chief and the Arbiter part ways with Chief hiding out on a fleeing Covenant ship and the Arbiter and his followers returning to "High Charity" in an attempt to save it from the Flood.

Anil Kumble (full name:Anil Radhakrishna Kumble)is a retired Indian cricketer who captained Indian national cricket team for a few matches.Anil Kumble is a right arm leg spin bowler.One of the best bowler in world cricket.
Anil Kumble was born in Bangalore,Karnataka to Krishnaswamy and Saroja.Anil Kumble has a brother named Dinesh Kumble.Kumble studied his studies in Holy Saint English School.He started playing cricket in streets in Bangalore.Kumble completed B.E in Rashtriya Vidhyalaya College of Engineering in 1991-92.
Anil Kumble made his first-class debut against Hyderabad on 30 November 1989 playing for Karnataka. He took 4 wickets in the match.Anil played his debut Test match against England national cricket team.He picked 3 wickets in the second match of the series.Anil picked 18 wickets with the average of 25.94 at the economy rate of 1.84 in the four match series against South Africa in 1992.He picked 21 wickets against the series with England in the same year.In the third match of the series he picked 7 wickets for 165 runs and was awarded the Man of the Match award. On November 27 1993, Kumble picked 6wickets/12 runs against West Indies in the final match of Hero Cup. This record was broke by Stuart Binny against Bangladesh.Kumble picked 15 wickets in 1996 World Cup and became the leading wicket taker in the tournament.He picked 61 wickets in that single year.Anil along with Jim Laker are the persons who picked all the ten wickets in a single Test inning. He achieved this against Pakistan in the year 1999.Kumble had bowled over 40850 balls totally in his international cricket career, stands after Muttiah Muralidharan.

The political problems that motivated the coup was due to the political instability in Turkey between the period of 1970-1980. The political instability was shaped by the violence between left- and right-wing political groups and therefore the coup aimed to ease the violence between these groups. The army's stance, which carried out the coup, towards this political violence was more in support of the reduction of the left wing ideology and groups. There were two reasons regarding why the army was in support of right wing groups more, compared to their support for left-wing groups. The first reason was due to the unpopularity of communist ideology among the Turkish army. The army that carried out the coup was characterized by nationalist ideology. Therefore, communism was seen as a factor endangering this national unity, and thus the notion of nationalism, in Turkey. As a result, the political instability in Turkey became one of the motivations of the army to carry out the coup of 1980. The second reason why the army had an unfriendly view about communism was because of the Turkey-NATO relations. Turkey became a member of NATO in 1952, establishing its stance against communism's spread. Therefore, the 1980 Turkish army believed that rising communism in Turkey, being a NATO member state, could damage its relations with other NATO member states. Thus, isolating the rising communist movements became the second motivation for the army to carry out a coup. In this respect, the army and their nationalistic and anti-communism ideology was mainly supported by the Nationalist Movement Party (Turkish: "Milliyetçi Hareket Partisi (MHP)"). On the other hand, MHP believed that the arising communist groups were supported by Republican People’s Party (Turkish: "Cumhuriyet Halk Partisi (CHP)"), which was represented by Bulent Ecevit as the prime minister of Turkey. Thus, MHP and the Turkish army accepted Bulent Ecevit as the reason for Turkey’s political and economic instability.

All Kenyans of school-going age are required to attend Primary School. However, school fees and required uniforms often keep students away from school. The Kenyan school system consists of 8 years of primary school (Standard 1 through 8), 4 years of high school (Form 1 through 4) and 4 years of university, but plans are underway of changing the system to 2 years in pre-school, 6 years in primary school, 3 years in junior high school, 3 years in senior high school, and 3 years in university (2-6-6-3) in 2018. At the end of primary school, all students sit for a standardized exam called Kenya Certificate of Primary Education (KCPE). The grades attained in this exam determine which high school the student will attend. In Form 4 (the last year in high school), students sit for another exam called the Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education (KCSE). The highest achieving students are granted admission into the 5 national universities (Nairobi, Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology, Kenyatta University, Egerton University and Moi University). Tertiary colleges, like Globovillee college, also feed the diploma graduates to universities.
Kenya is a country of grassland; it is not rich, but it is productive land especially in the highlands. This is a very dry grassland with poor soil. Kenya also has very few mineral resources but their main mineral is soda ash. Three-fourths of the country is covered with plains. They are low in altitude along the coast, but get higher further inland, making a large plateau. The part east of Lake Turkana is the only true desert, but the rest can be very close to desert.

Rani slowly begins to gain confidence by taking control of her decisions. Realizing her earning potential, she wins a cook-off by selling gol gappas. After the cook-off event, the Italian host and restaurant owner shares an intimate moment with her when she experiences her first 'Indo-Italian' kiss with him and proves that Indians are the best in cooking and even lip to lip kissing. She learns more about her friends' backgrounds and begins to understand how different life can be for people in other parts of the world. One day, the four friends find Vijay waiting for Rani in front of the hostel. Vijay apologizes to Rani and asks her to reconsider the relationship. Their conversation escalates as he tries to grab hold of Rani, but her friends retaliate, and she asks him to leave. Rani decides to miss out on a concert with her friends to meet with Vijay and discuss their future. A conservative thinking Vijay judges Rani's new friends and behavior, like drinking champagne and her choice of living with roommates of the opposite gender, and tells her that she doesn’t know foreigners. This causes her to leave abruptly, saying that she would rather speak to him after returning to Delhi. She then meets up with her friends one last time at the concert. After bidding an emotional farewell to them, Rani returns to India.
Back in Delhi, Rani visits Vijay at his home. Vijay and his family think that she has decided to forgive him and start discussing wedding plans. Instead, Rani hands Vijay her engagement ring and says "thank you,” probably suggesting that he gave her the opportunity to explore the world and develop herself by rejecting her and it did her good, highlighting her grandma’s words earlier in the movie on how things occur for the better. She walks away with a confident smile on her face.

Toby is giving a puppet show for Monica, their mutual love becomes more obvious. When Baba comes home, she resumes her accusations on Toby, sure that he knows what went on that night. The guests again arrive, expecting another seance but are driven away by Madame Flora who tries to convince them that the whole thing was a sham by revealing all the tricks that she and Monica used. But the guests are not convinced and leave claiming that while she might have thought she was cheating them, she in fact was not. Once the guests are gone, she drives Toby out despite Monica's pleas on his behalf. With everyone gone, and Monica in her room, Baba pours herself another drink and questions her own sanity, becoming wild with drink and eventually passing out. Once she has fallen asleep, Toby sneaks back in and tries to get into Monica's room, but finds it locked and eventually goes to the trunk to find his tambourine. While searching, he knocks the lid of the trunk down waking Baba. Toby quickly hides in the puppet theater. As Baba tries to see where the noise came from and fetches a revolver from a drawer in the table. "Hysterically" she shouts out "Who is it? Speak or I'll Shoot!" and the puppet theater curtain moves. "Baba screams and fires at it several times." As Toby's bloody body collapses grasping the curtain, Baba says "I've killed the ghost! I've killed the ghost!" Monica, hearing the gunshots, enters, sees Toby's lifeless body and runs for help. As the final curtain falls "very slowly" Baba asks "in a hoarse whisper," "Was it you?"

It happened on 2 May 2008. The storm was estimated to be category 4 (105 mph) Cyclone Nargis Caused destruction and at least 138,000 fatalities. There were around 55,000 people missing and lots of other deaths were found in other places. In Sri Lanka the cyclone produced masses of rainfall which led to flooding and landslides across ten districts across the country. The districts Ratnapura and Kegalle were the most affected, where more than 3,000 families were dead. Thousands of houses were flooded, with 21 reported destroyed. The rainfall left 4,500 people homeless, and more than 35,000 people were affected on the island. Three people were reported injured on the island, with two others dead. The power of the cyclone lowered temperatures along the Indian coastline. Estimates of the people still missing were 53,836, with 84,537 confirmed dead. Thousands more people were still missing or washed out at sea and drowned, it was feared up to 1 million people might have died in this disaster. Thailand sent US $100,000 in supplies, thirty tones of medical supplies and twelve tones of food supplies. As well as this, Italy provided 30 tons of emergency relief equipment, like stretchers, generators, and water purifiers. The United Kingdom committed ₤17 million. Australia gave $25 million and 31 tonnes of supplies, whilst Belgium sent €250,000. China sent $10 million in relief resources. France gave 1,500 tons of medicine, food, and water, and Germany sent $3.0 million. All to help the people who had been affected.

He made his national debut on 25 May 1942, in Buenos Aires against Uruguay, in the Copa Lipton match. He took part in minor competitions, such as the Copa Nicanor R. Newton in 1942 and the Copa Juan R. Mignaburu. He was then called up to the 1947 Campeonato Sudamericano de Football, where he made his debut on 2 December in Guayaquil against Paraguay; In this match he was lined up as a starter, and played the full 90 minutes. In the competition, he was employed as a midfielder, remaining first choice in his position throughout the competition, in which he appeared in every game. In 1950 he competed in the Copa Rosa Chevalier Boutell, and in 1951 he played his last matches for Argentina, playing in two friendlies. 
In 1961, he was the head coach for Montreal Cantalia in the Eastern Canada Professional Soccer League. After retiring as a player in the early 1960s Yácono returned to Argentina where he worked as the manager of Sportivo Italiano, Lanús and Godoy Cruz. Later in his career he took up a position of youth team coach for River Plate.
After he immigrated to the US and lived in New Jersey, he was still very active with soccer and became the coach for Iberia Airlines of Spain in the New York Airlines Soccer League, which does not exist any more . That was in the early 70s. His knowledge and passion for soccer helped the team to win the championship in 1973. Through the efforts of Norberto Yacono, Iberia Airlines was able to incorporate in the team recently retired players from Argentina, such as Norberto Troilo and Guillermo Heredia. His son, "Pichi", also played for the team that winning year.

Early on August 3, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) upgraded an area of low pressure near Wake Island to a tropical depression. The system intensified rapidly and just 6 hours later, the JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm, naming it "Merbok". Soon, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) started monitoring the system as a tropical depression, and upgraded it to a tropical storm later. Merbok began to move westward slowly, but soon afterwards, it turned northwest and gradually drifted in that direction. Late on August 5, the JMA upgraded Merbok into a Severe Tropical Storm. Early on August 6, the JTWC upgraded Merbok into a Category 1 Typhoon East-southeast of Tokyo, Japan. Early the next day, the storm's winds reached a peak of on the SSHS. Later that day, the system was caught in a moderate Vertical Wind Shear and started weakening. On August 8, the system started accelerating towards north at the speed of and was gradually diminishing because of colder and colder sea surface temperatures and unfavorable conditions. As a result, the JMA reporting that the system was no longer a Severe Tropical Storm, downgraded Merbok to a Tropical Storm. Late on that day, the system started showing extratropical characteristics as the convection near the eye dissipated rapidly. Thus, the JTWC issued their final warning on the system reporting that the system was no longer tropical. Later, the JMA, issuing their final warning on the system, reported that the system was no longer tropical.

Frogs in "Pseudis" find mates and lay eggs the same way most frogs do. However, their tadpoles are different. The tadpoles start live normal, but they continue growing until they are very, very large, sometimes as large as in length in "P. paradoxa" and "P. platensis". They are the longest tadpoles in the world. They are also very large compared to the adult frogs, which are from nose to rear end. Scientists have not seen enough tadpoles from other species to say for sure, they have seen enough to know they are also very large. Their adult frogs are also somewhat smaller with nose-to-rear-end lengths of . However, "P. cardosoi" and "P. minuta" (which could be in the proposed genus "Podonectes", see "Phylogenetic relationships") have more normal tadpoles that probably do not grow longer than . This is still large compared to the adults of these two species. This means that the animal is the largest it will ever be in its life when it is an older tadpole. It is smaller when it becomes a frog. In most of these frogs, tadpoles from different places can be different sizes. Tadpoles that grow in large, temporary bodies of waters with plenty of food and few animals that want to eat them grow larger than those in smaller bodies of water with less food, or year-round bodies of waters that may have fish or other animals that eat tadpoles in them. The very largest tadpoles usually have well-developed organs, including reproductive organs that are almost ready to be used. This means that the frogs are ready to mate very soon after becoming frogs. This is different from most genuses of frogs: In most species, the tadpoles become small frogs and then grow larger before they can mate and lay eggs.

Tanaka was born in Matsumoto on July 31, 1982. He played for Yokohama Flügels youth team. However Flügels was merged with cross-town Yokohama Marinos (later "Yokohama F. Marinos") and Flügels was dissolved end of 1998 season. So, he moved to Yokohama F. Marinos youth team. He was promoted to Yokohama F. Marinos top team in 2000. He debuted in 2000 Emperor's Cup. He played many matches as defensive midfielder in 2001 season and Marinos won the champions in 2001 J.League Cup. However he could hardly play in the match in 2002. In June 2002, He moved to Tokyo Verdy on loan. He was converted to right side back and became a regular player. However his opportunity to play decreased behind Masayuki Yanagisawa in 2003. In 2004, Tanaka returned to Yokohama F. Marinos. He became a regular player as right side midfielder from summer and Marinos won the champions 2004 J1 League. From 2005, he played more than 30 games every season until 2008. In 2009, Tanaka moved to Nagoya Grampus. He became a regular player as right side-back soon under manager Dragan Stojković. In 2010, Grampus won the champions in J1 League first time in the club history. In 2011, Grampus also won the 2nd place in J1 League. In 2014, he moved to his local club Matsumoto Yamaga FC in J2 League. He was given number "3" shirt, which Tanaka's teammate at Marinos, Naoki Matsuda wore. Tanaka played as regular player and won the 2nd place and was promoted to J1 first time in the club history. In 2015 season, although he played all 34 matches, the club finished at the 16th place of 18 clubs and was relegated to J2 in a year.

When Umm Kulthum first moved to Cairo, she continued singing religious songs in concerts and celebrations but did not find much appreciation for this type of music. Afterwards, she started singing poems """ as well as """ and eventually moved to love songs and ""." Egyptian magazine noted this shift in her music; which went from praising the Prophet to praising the lover and attributed it to ""the desire to satisfy the people, to stoop all to all of their passions and whims!"". Umm Kulthum gave a concert on the first Thursday of each month among other celebrations and ceremonies. noticed her popularity rising and first approached with a job offer in 1923 and her initial recordings were written by Ahmad Sabri al-Najridi. Her records sold everywhere and with her recordings the company made large profits. In fact, many of the people who bought her recordings were her past rural audience whom she grew popular among, but also Egyptians of all walks of life waited in line to buy her recordings. Nevertheless, what facilitated her debut as a professional singer was the mentoring she received on the hands of the poet Ahmad Rami. Slowly but steadily, she became acquainted with Egypt's elites and politicians and became an esteemed guest at their residences and this increased her success, power and position in the Egyptian society. It is said that the year 1926 was the turning point which transformed Umm Kulthum from a famous singer to an illuminous star in Egypt. This pivotal moment was aided by her decision to employ a professional orchestra rather than her relative instrument players.. Her success drew more and more critics and enemies but this only heightened her popularity. The 1940's were deemed the ""golden age"" of Umm Kulthum due to having reached the height of her vocal powers and becoming a mature singer. Moreover, Umm Kulthum started experimenting with new ""qasa'id"" and populist songs. Her Thursday concerts were not only anticipated in Egypt but all throughout the Arab world, listeners would tune in on the radio and enjoy a night of enchantment ""tarab"".

Rodger increasingly shared with his few friends his disturbing fantasies about dominating the world and committing acts of torture and murder. Over time, these conversations began to take a toll on his friendships, leading his friends to distance themselves and avoid him. In an attempt to help Rodger socialize more and reduce his isolation, his parents decided to send him to college in Santa Barbara. They were optimistic that being part of a college community would encourage him to make friends. Rodger agreed after having watched the 2006 American crime drama film "Alpha Dog". Thinking about the film, Rodger believed moving to Santa Barbara would give him the chance to lose his virginity and go to parties. In June 2011, Rodger moved from his mother's house to the Capri Apartments, and would attend Santa Barbara City College. Shortly after settling in, Rodger experienced intense jealousy towards a black peer who shared that he had lost his virginity at the age of 13. This deeply upset Rodger, driving him to retreat to his room in tears and reach out to his mother, expressing his frustration and jealousy over the attention black men received from blond women. Rodger found it hard to get along with several different roommates and chose to spend much of his time alone, seeking solitude at a golf course or the beaches around Isla Vista. In the fall of 2011, Rodger was assigned two new Hispanic roommates, who were subjected to his racial slurs. After the two moved out, Rodger was soon paired with another roommate in September 2011. The relationship between them deteriorated over time, leading the roommate to send a letter to Capri's management asking to be assigned a new apartment. The roommate stated that Rodger was rude on several occasions and had "huge psychological issues." He added that Rodger was a "ticking time bomb waiting to explode" and feared for their life.

The words of Otani's citation explain:
Staff Sergeant Kazuo Otani distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 15 July 1944, near Pieve Di S. Luce, Italy. Advancing to attack a hill objective, Staff Sergeant Otani's platoon became pinned down in a wheat field by concentrated fire from enemy machine gun and sniper positions. Realizing the danger confronting his platoon, Staff Sergeant Otani left his cover and shot and killed a sniper who was firing with deadly effect upon the platoon. Followed by a steady stream of machine gun bullets, Staff Sergeant Otani then dashed across the open wheat field toward the foot of a cliff, and directed his men to crawl to the cover of the cliff. When the movement of the platoon drew heavy enemy fire, he dashed along the cliff toward the left flank, exposing himself to enemy fire. By attracting the attention of the enemy, he enabled the men closest to the cliff to reach cover. Organizing these men to guard against possible enemy counterattack, Staff Sergeant Otani again made his way across the open field, shouting instructions to the stranded men while continuing to draw enemy fire. Reaching the rear of the platoon position, he took partial cover in a shallow ditch and directed covering fire for the men who had begun to move forward. At this point, one of his men became seriously wounded. Ordering his men to remain under cover, Staff Sergeant Otani crawled to the wounded soldier who was lying on open ground in full view of the enemy. Dragging the wounded soldier to a shallow ditch, Staff Sergeant Otani proceeded to render first aid treatment, but was mortally wounded by machine gun fire. Staff Sergeant Otani's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

Percy Jackson and Charles Beckendorf are on the same team for capture the flag. Beckendorf, a son of Hephaestus, has a somewhat awkward conversation about girls, and thinks Percy should ask Annabeth to the Fourth of July fireworks, the biggest dating event of the summer at Camp Half-Blood, that night. They set off into the woods and stumble on a huge anthill. Silena Beauregard and Annabeth capture Percy. Meanwhile, Charles Beckendorf charges straight ahead into the ant swarm as he tries to take back a huge bronze dragon's head, but immediately is pinched in the leg and has acid spit on his face. Percy, Annabeth and Silena try to find the rest of the body of the bronze dragon which was once one of the camp's defenses against monsters before Thalia's Pine Tree took its place so it can rescue Beckendorf from the ants. They finally get the monster started (a bronze dragon with no wings) and get it to help Beckendorf. It blasts open the ants' nest and all the ants attack the dragon. Meanwhile, Percy, Annabeth and Silena dart into the ant hill and get Beckendorf back out. When they come out and flee, the dragon spots them and goes berserk. Percy distracts the dragon so Beckendorf can jump on the dragon's back and unplug him. Silena is so relieved that Beckendorf is alive that when he asks her to the fireworks, she gladly accepts the invitation. Once they get back to camp, it turns out the capture the flag game has not ended yet, and Annabeth puts them in jail. Percy and Charles protest to no avail. Before Annabeth leaves to go back to the front line to fight for her team, she asks Percy out to the Fourth of July Fireworks, but she quickly leaves before Percy can answer.

Vimto is a sweet drink created in 1908 in the centre of Manchester by Noel Nichols of Blackburn, Lancashire (1883–1966). He was a wholesaler of herbs, spices and medicines. There was a market for soft drinks because of the temperance movement and the 1908 Licensing Act. It was first sold under the name Vim Tonic, which he shortened to Vimto in 1912. It was registered as a health tonic or medicine, and then re-registered in 1913 as a cordial. In 1910 the business moved to a warehouse at Chapel Street, Salford, then to Old Trafford (1927) and finally (1971) to a state of the art plant in Wythenshawe.
From the 1990s to 2003, Vimto print advertisements used the cartoon character Purple Ronnie, along with slightly rude poems by Giles Andreae, the creator of Purple Ronnie. In 2003, Purple Ronnie was dropped, and a new creative direction was adopted, revolving around the benefits of 'Shlurpling the Purple'. This, in turn, led to the launch in 2006 of Billy and his Dad's Pants – a modern-day morality story in which, despite turning up at the swimming pool with his Dad's pants in the middle of his rolled up towel, Billy wins out with ingenuity and humour. The theme tune 'Dad's Pants' become something of a cult classic, and was based on the Loudon Wainwright III song, "Dead Skunk". A sculpture entitled "A Monument to Vimto" (1992), carved out of an oak tree by Kerry Morrison, is on Granby Row in central Manchester. The sculpture commemorates the fact that Vimto was originally produced on the site.

In the span of 23 years, Lupu made over 20 recordings for Decca Records. His first recording was made in the spring of 1970. Lupu's solo recordings, which have received considerable acclaim, include works by Beethoven, Brahms, Grieg, Mozart, Schubert, and Schumann. His solo recordings without orchestra include 5 Beethoven piano sonatas , as well as Beethoven's two rondos for piano and 32 Variations in C minor; Brahms' Piano Sonata No. 3 in F minor, Two Rhapsodies, Intermezzi, 6 Pieces for Piano and 4 Pieces for Piano; nine piano sonatas of Schubert as well as the Impromptus and Moments musicaux; and Schumann's Humoreske, Kinderszenen and Kreisleriana. His concerto recordings include the complete cycle of Beethoven piano concertos with the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Zubin Mehta; the Brahms Piano Concerto No. 1 with the London Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Edo de Waart; the Grieg and Schumann piano concertos with the London Symphony Orchestra and André Previn; and two Mozart piano concertos with the English Chamber Orchestra conducted by Uri Segal. His chamber music recordings for Decca include all of Mozart's sonatas for violin and piano with Szymon Goldberg; the violin sonatas of Debussy and Franck with Kyung Wha Chung; the quintets for piano and winds of Beethoven and Mozart with Han de Vries, George Pieterson, Vicente Zarzo, and Brian Pollard; and various works by Schubert for violin and piano with Goldberg. He recorded works of Mozart and Schubert for piano four-hands and two pianos with Murray Perahia for the CBS Masterworks, two albums of Schubert songs with Barbara Hendricks for EMI, and a disc of works by Schubert for piano four-hands with Daniel Barenboim for Teldec.

The attacks reignited debates over gun control and the need for enhancements in the healthcare system in the United States. Sheriff Bill Brown of Santa Barbara County blamed Rodger's actions and the subsequent attacks to shortcomings in the mental health treatment system. He pointed out a widespread shortfall in resources for community mental health care and criticized the inadequate communication from healthcare professionals regarding individuals who exhibit suicidal or homicidal thoughts. Several legislators in California demanded an investigation of the interaction between deputies and Rodger on April 30, during which records in the California gun ownership database already showed Rodger's purchase of at least two handguns. The deputies did not consult this database, nor did they examine the YouTube videos that led Rodger's parents to reach out to them. Subsequently, the Sheriff's Office concluded that the responding deputies followed all rules and conducted themselves professionally, in alignment with both state law and departmental guidelines. Despite California being one of the most strict states in the United States with gun laws, Rodger, who depsite having undergone several years of psychiatric treatment, passed all necessary background checks. Because he had neither been institutionalized for mental health issues nor possessed a criminal history, he was able to purchase all three firearms. In California, at the time, undergoing mental health treatment did not disqualify people for applying for firearms. Furthermore, even when Rodger's parents alerted the police to his threats on YouTube, the absence of an immediate threat meant the police lacked the authority to search his apartment, search the gun registry, or confiscate any firearms without a warrant based on probable cause.

Vanuatu has diplomatic relations with more than 65 countries. It has a very small network of embassies. Only Australia, France, New Zealand, and the People's Republic of China have embassies, high commissions, or missions in Port Vila. The British High Commission closed in 2005, after having been there for almost 100 years.
The government's main concern has been to improve the economy. It has a strong need for foreign aid, so Vanuatu has joined the Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). Since 1980, Australia, France, the United Kingdom, and New Zealand have provided most of Vanuatu's development aid.
Vanuatu's foreign policy is fairly neutral. It stayed neutral during the Cold War. They have been a member of the Non-Aligned Movement since 1983. However, it has always given strong support for self-determination and decolonisation, especially throughout Melanesia. Vanuatu became independent from France and the United Kingdom in 1980. The first government recognised the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic in November of the same year. It recognised the State of Palestine in August 1989. Later governments recognised Kosovo in 2010 and Abkhazia in 2011. Vanuatu has also supported the independence of New Caledonia and East Timor, and it strongly supports the Free Papua Movement in western New Guinea. Its relations with Indonesia have suffered because of this. Relations with Australia and New Zealand are a major focus of Vanuatu's foreign policy.
Vanuatu established diplomatic relations with Cuba in 1983, and Libya in 1986. It established diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union and the United States in June and September 1986, respectively. Relations with the United States were bad until the late 1980s. Relations with France remained bad throughout the 1980s. Vanuatu under Walter Lini also tried to create strong relations with Asia. By the end of the 1980s, the country had established diplomatic relations with the China, Japan, South Korea, North Korea, Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Vietnam and the Philippines.

In 1917 the Russian Revolution took place. The country was in a chaotic state so Prokofiev went to the United States. After a journey which took four months via the Transsiberian railway, Tokyo and San Francisco, he arrived in New York. His first real success came from his connections with Cyrus McCormik in Chicago. His first major commission was the opera "The Love for Three Oranges" for the Chicago Lyric Opera. It was popular in Chicago but not in New York City where he really wanted to make his reputation. He soon traveled to Paris to see Diagalev again whom he had met earlier in London. His first ballet for him was "Ala and Lolly" which Diagalev did not like and would not perform. This ballet later became Prokofiev's "Scythian Suite". His next ballet was more successful, "The Tale of the Buffoon". He also wrote his "Third Piano Concerto" which is his most popular concerto for piano. Prokofiev lived off and on in Paris for fourteen years, but he often went on tour, performing his works on the piano. In 1928 his "Third Symphony" was first performed, much of which was based on music from his opera " The Fiery Angel" which was never performed completely in his lifetime. In the late-1920s he was invited back to Russia. Although many Soviet people tried to persuade him to stay there he decided to remain in the West where he was starting to have a very successful career. It was not until 1936 that he finally decided to move back to Russia. Life was not easy in the Soviet Union for all types of creative people such as musicians, poets, writers and film makers. Composers were expected to write music which would make ordinary people happy and make them feel proud of their country and of the communist revolution. Any music that did not do this was called “decadent” or “formalist”. Many artists where punished for creating works that did not do what the socialist politicians expected of them. Prokofiev had never been interested in politics, and he thought the politicians would leave him in peace so that he could write the kind of music he liked.

After Hankerson signed a distribution deal with Jive Records, he signed Aaliyah to his label named Blackground Records when Aaliyah was 12 years old. She released her debut album "Age Ain't Nothing but a Number" in 1994. Rumors circulated that she and her mentor R. Kelly were not only romantically involved, but had also married. Aaliyah admitted to a friendship with R. Kelly, which had developed while recording "Age Ain't Nothing but a Number". She said they would go out together and watch a movie or eat somewhere when they went on breaks from recording the album and said they were "rather close". She dismissed the rumors about her relationship with him as people taking it "the wrong way."
Jamie Foster Brown wrote about R. Kelly's recollection of the time he had spent working with Aaliyah, writing, "R. Kelly told me that he and Aaliyah got together and it was just magic." Brown reported hearing Aaliyah being a frequent guest at R. Kelly's home and walking his dog 12 Play. Along with this, he heard that she was pregnant. There were complaints about Aaliyah being in the studio recording with a bunch of older men. Aaliyah went on to admit that she had lied about her age in court documents and filed suit in Cook County to have the records erased since she was not old enough at the time (being fifteen when the marriage took place) to get married without having the go-ahead by her parents. Reports indicate that Aaliyah had a crush on R. Kelly at some point, but after the marriage was ended, she ceased professional and personal contact with him.

The story rewinds to their final year at the ICE where Rancho and Farhan use the duplicate keys provided by Pia to break into Virus' office and are successful in copying the examination papers for Raju. Despite Raju refusing to use the examination papers, Virus discovers what happened and angrily has the trio rusticated from the ICE in the middle of the night, causing Pia to admit her role in the events and confront Virus over her brother's suicidal demise, which was misinterpreted by Virus as an accident, simply because his passion for literature and desire to become a writer was overruled by Virus, who was insistent on his son becoming an engineer. As the trio is leaving the campus in the middle of heavy rainstorms, they come across the now-pregnant Mona, who goes under labor pain moments after a distressed Pia has walked out of the house, and is unable to be driven to the hospital. Applying their knowledge of engineering, the trio brings Mona inside the table tennis room in the campus and successfully conducts her delivery, by modifying a vacuum cleaner into a makeshift venthouse, with the help of Pia (who is still in self-isolation) from the hospital through a video call and other students. Realising the fault in his ways and how genius Rancho is, a grateful Virus acknowledges him by handing him over a valuable space pen, which he promised to give only to his most extraordinary student, and rescinds the trio's rustications once again. Rancho, along with Farhan and Raju, tops the university in the final year, but abruptly leaves the graduation ceremony in a taxi without informing anyone and has never been heard of again.

In 1960, the first "Popeye the Sailor" animated television series was produced for first-run syndication which proved successful. Like the earlier theatrical cartoon series, it would use many elements that were already well known, mostly the basic storyline of Popeye trying to keep his sweetheart Olive safe from the hands of other male suitors while using spinach to remain fit and healthy. Unlike the theatrical shorts however (especially the Famous Studios shorts), this TV series made a more prominent attempt to bring back characters and elements from "Thimble Theatre" back to Popeye's side, such as his old friend J. Wellington Wimpy, who had been considerably absent during the Famous era, and the show even included characters who never had the chance to appear in animation, such as Popeye's old lucky charm Bernice the Whiffle Hen and even Alice the Goon, King Blozo and Rough House (yet while bringing in more "Thimble Theatre" elements, very few episodes were a direct or accurate adaptations of the strips and had no real continuity between them). Notably, the only character that failed to return was Bluto himself, who was instead replaced by his lookalike/brother Brutus, due to King Features incorrectly thinking that the former was not originally a "Thimble Theatre" character. While the show did involve Popeye's love life, episodes actually focused more on his adventuring around the world (and beyond) not unlike the Fleischer and comic strip incarnation, and also brought back other "Thimble Theatre" antagonists rather than relying solely on Brutus, like the sinister Sea Hag and Toar the caveman, who proved to be a true challenge for Popeye. As in the final Fleischer cartoons and most Famous shorts, Popeye still wore his Navy uniform, an exception being the pilot episode "Barbecue for Two", where he did wear his original outfit.

Suppose that you are organizing housing accommodations for a group of four hundred university students. Space is limited and only one hundred of the students will receive places in the dormitory. To complicate matters, the Dean has provided you with a list of pairs of incompatible students, and requested that no pair from this list appear in your final choice. This is an example of what computer scientists call an NP-problem, since it is easy to check if a given choice of one hundred students proposed by a coworker is satisfactory (i.e., no pair taken from your coworker's list also appears on the list from the Dean's office), however the task of generating such a list from scratch seems to be so hard as to be completely impractical. Indeed, the total number of ways of choosing one hundred students from the four hundred applicants is greater than the number of atoms in the known universe! Thus no future civilization could ever hope to build a supercomputer capable of solving the problem by brute force; that is, by checking every possible combination of 100 students. However, this apparent difficulty may only reflect the lack of ingenuity of your programmer. In fact, one of the outstanding problems in computer science is determining whether questions exist whose answer can be quickly checked, but which require an impossibly long time to solve by any direct procedure. Problems like the one listed above certainly seem to be of this kind, but so far no one has managed to prove that any of them really are so hard as they appear, i.e., that there really is no feasible way to generate an answer with the help of a computer. Stephen Cook and Leonid Levin formulated the P (i.e., easy to find) versus NP (i.e., easy to check) problem independently in 1971.

Seeing his potential, FLN (National Liberation Front) militants explained to him that Algeria was a victim of colonialism and recruited him to their cause. After a trial conducted by Yacef Saadi to test his commitment (which he successfully passed) he was hired in the FLN. Within few months he became an important member of FLN. Ali first suggested the idea to FLN leaders of a hidden passageway that, in case of alert, would let fighters reach the terraces of the houses near hideouts quickly. This idea was used often. Ali used his skill as a mason to make the tunnels. According to Christopher Cradock and M.L.R. Smith, "the chief assassin" for FLN. After some figures of the local underworld suspected of being informants were executed by Ali, such as Rafai Abdelkader, Said Bud Abbot and Hocine Bourtachi, he "sowed terror" in the casbah, according to Marie-Monique Robin, a documentary filmmaker and TV journalist by applying "revolutionary instructions, such as not allowing drinking alcohol or smoking".
After three years of armed struggle (April 1955-October 1957), Ali La Pointe was spotted on October 8, 1957 by the colonial armed forces in a Casbah building located at 5, rue des Abderrames. He was killed in the company of Mahmoud Bouhamidi, Hassiba Ben Bouali, Zohra Drif and Omar Yacef, known as P'tit Omar, aged twelve, after the paratroopers of the 3rd Foreign Parachute Regiment (REP), commanded by Colonel Bigeard, who blew up the house with explosive devices where they had taken refuge. This action led to the collapse of an adjoining building which caused the death of atleast 24 other Algerians, including 8 children. At the time of his death, Ali La Pointe was 27 years old.

Judith's parents met at a restaurant in Los Angeles that was well known as a meeting place for immigrants. Maria worked there as a waitress. Jozsef was a plumber. He had problems with alcohol and was arrested three times for driving drunk. In the first years of their marriage, they were a happy couple. Soon Jozsef became jealous of the success of Maria's daughter. When Judith was getting ready to go to the Bahamas for the movie "", her father entered her bedroom. He locked the door and put a kitchen knife to her neck saying: "If you do not return after finished shooting, I'll slit your throat." She came back after two months, but the atmosphere at the house was not better. Over time, there were more problems. Judith's father called her a "spoiled brat". Judith's mood began to get bad. She did not do anything wrong and was not "full of life, a happy girl." Unable to deal with the problems at home, Judith pulled out her eyelashes and the whiskers of her cat. Jozsef had said many times that he would kill his wife. Sometimes he said he would kill himself and his daughter. In December 1986, Maria made a report to the police. She said he was abusing her mentally and physically. The police saw no injuries. In May 1988, Ruth Hansen saw the poor condition of the girl. Because Judith cried a lot and could not speak, Hansen told Maria to take Judith to a psychologist. She was taken to Children's Services. They could get no help from government organizations. Maria rented an apartment in Panorama City, where she wanted to move with Judith. Hansen told her to get a divorce from her husband. In July, Maria said she did not want to lose the house purchased with the money from her daughter's career.
Judith was seen riding her bike in the morning of July 25, 1988, one month after her 10th birthday. On the same day, she had an audition for the role in a new production studio, Hanna-Barbera. When Judith was sleeping, her father shot Judith in the head. She was killed instantly. Her mother ran down the hall to see what was going on, and he fatally shot her. Jozef later went down to the garage and took his own life.

Since the end of the Cold War and the formal end of colonialism, the Non-Aligned Movement has been forced to redefine itself and reinvent its purpose in the current world system. A major question has been whether many of its foundational ideologies, principally national independence, territorial integrity, and the struggle against colonialism and imperialism, can be applied to contemporary issues. The movement has emphasised its principles of multilateralism, equality, and mutual non-aggression in attempting to become a stronger voice for the global South, and an instrument that can be utilised to promote the needs of member nations at the international level and strengthen their political leverage when negotiating with developed nations. In its efforts to advance Southern interests, the movement has stressed the importance of cooperation and unity amongst member states, but as in the past, cohesion remains a problem since the size of the organisation and the divergence of agendas and allegiances present the ongoing potential for fragmentation. While agreement on basic principles has been smooth, taking definitive action vis-à-vis particular international issues has been rare, with the movement preferring to assert its criticism or support rather than pass hard-line resolutions. The movement continues to see a role for itself, as in its view, the world’s poorest nations remain exploited and marginalised, no longer by opposing superpowers, but rather in a uni-polar world, and it is Western hegemony and neo-colonialism that the movement has really re-aligned itself against. It opposes foreign occupation, interference in internal affairs, and aggressive unilateral measures, but it has also shifted to focus on the socio-economic challenges facing member states, especially the inequalities manifested by globalisation and the implications of neo-liberal policies. The Non-Aligned Movement has identified economic underdevelopment, poverty, and social injustices as growing threats to peace and security.

In the 1960s Barbie's friends joined the line up of fashion dolls. Ken was her boyfriend and came to be in 1962. The Ken doll got his name from Ruth's son. Midge was her friend who was a redhead meeting the toy marketplace in 1963, a year after Ken. Allen was Ken's friend. Skipper was her little sister that was produced in 1964. Tutti and Todd were her twin siblings were introduced in 1966. Francie was her adult cousin. In 1967, Francie was changed into the first black Barbie doll causing consumers to believe it reflected the support of interracial marriages. Since this was during Civil Rights' time, she was not very successful. Twelve months later Mattel introduced Christie, the second black Barbie, who was much more accepted. Cara and Julia were also produced as Barbie's black friends. The roles of Barbie evolved as equality for women's rights progressed. The doll started in the 1960s portraying stereotypical female positions like teacher, stewardess, nurse, etc. A series of novels were also written introducing Barbie and her birthplace in the 60's. Bendable legs and swivel hips were introduced on Barbie in 1965. Jack Ryan created them.
Hairstyles of the Barbie's in the 1960s were typically the classic bubble-cut hairstyle of the era taken from the First Lady of the early 60's Jackie Kennedy. The Barbie that is worth the most from this decade according to "Schroeder's Collectible Toys" is Color Magic Barbie made in 1967. Her hair and costume changes color. If it is complete with its cardboard box, it is worth $4,000.

Cheiron Studios was a recording studio. It was located at Kungsholmen, Stockholm, Sweden. It was founded in 1992 by Denniz PoP and Tom Talomaa. During 8 years in the business they reinvented the sound of late-'90s pop and teen-pop. They also introduced the modern Swedish role as producer.
Cheiron was the new name of SweMix Records & Publishing. That was after the centaur Chiron ("Hand") of the Greek Mythology. The company was divided, apart from being a recording studio, into the label Cheiron Records, in affiliation with BMG, and the music publishing service Cheiron Songs. The Cheiron Productions worked as the now legendary music production company signed by various labels to write and produce materials for other artists.
Famous artists like 5ive, Ace of Base, Backstreet Boys, Bon Jovi, Boyzone, Britney Spears, Bryan Adams, Celine Dion, Dede, Dr. Alban, E-Type, Gary Barlow, Jessica Folcker, Leila K, LFO, M2M, Meja, Michael Learns to Rock, 'N Sync, Rednex, Robyn, Solid Harmonie, Tina Turner and Westlife has recorded hits at the studio or had their songs written, composed and produced by the stab at Cheiron.
Cheiron became a term within music. It was also regarded as one of the most successful music recording studios in the world. "Cheiron" became significant with immediate success. Thanks to the many chart hits they made people called it "the hit factory". Following the untimely death of its founder and head Denniz PoP in 1998, they decided to carry on with their own. 
Currently Cheiron is legendary for what they did to modern pop music as what the Abbey Road Studios did to music in general.

Hibari Misora was born Kazue Katō in Isogo-ku, Yokohama, Japan. Her father was Masukichi Katō, a fishmonger, and her mother Kimie Katō, a housewife. Misora showed musical talent from an early age after singing for her father at a World War II send-off party in 1943. When he saw this, he used much of his family's savings to allow his daughter to start a musical career. In 1945 she gave her first performance in a concert hall in Yokohama, at the age of eight. She used the name Kazue Misora, which was her mother's idea. A year later she appeared on a NHK broadcast, and impressed the Japanese composer Masao Koga with her singing skill. He thought she was a prodigy with the courage, understanding, and emotional maturity of an adult. In the next two years, she became an accomplished singer and was touring notable concert halls to sold-out crowds. Her recording career began in 1949 at the age of twelve, when she changed her stage-name to Hibari Misora and starred in the film "Nodojiman-kyô jidai". The film brought her nationwide recognition. She recorded her first single "Kappa Boogie-Woogie" for Columbia Records later that year. It became a commercial hit, selling more than 450,000 copies. After that, she recorded "Kanashiki kuchibue", which was featured on a radio program and was a national hit. As an actress, she starred in about 160 movies from 1949 to 1971, and won many awards. Her performance in "Tokyo Kiddo" (1950), in which she played a street orphan, made her symbolic of both the hardship and the national optimism of post-World War II Japan. Her third single was from the film and was another hit, "Watashi wa machi no ko".

Other writers disagree with Blackstone. They say that the cucking stool and the ducking stool are really two different types of punishment devices. The "Domesday Book" mentions the use of a cucking stool in the town of Chester. The stool was also known as "cathedra stercoris". This Latin word translates to "dung chair". It is thought that the punishment involved letting everyone see the punished woman's buttocks. This type of chair was used to punish not only common scolds, but also people who make beer (brewers) and bakers who sold bad beer or bread. Francois Maximilian Misson, a French traveler and writer, wrote down the way the ducking chair was used in England in the early 1700s:
"The way of punishing scolding women is pleasant enough. They fasten an armchair to the end of two beams twelve or fifteen feet long, and parallel to each other, so that these two pieces of wood with their two ends embrace the chair, which hangs between them by a sort of axle, by which means it plays freely, and always remains in the natural horizontal position in which a chair should be, that a person may sit conveniently in it, whether you raise it or let it down. They set up a post on the bank of a pond or river, and over this post they lay, almost in equilibrio, the two pieces of wood, at one end of which the chair hangs just over the water. They place the woman in this chair and so plunge her into the water as often as the sentence directs, in order to cool her immoderate heat."——Francois Maximilian Misson

The "Golden everlasting" had been introduced to farming in England by 1791. German horticulturist Herren Ebritsch obtained material and developed it at his nursery in Arnstadt near Erfurt in Germany. He bred and sold varieties of many colors from bronze to white to purple, which spread across Europe in the 1850s. The bracts of these early forms tended to remain cupped around the flower head rather than flatten out like the native Australian forms. These were also annual rather than perennial forms. Many were given names such as 'atrococcineum' (dark scarlet flower heads), 'atrosanguineum' (dark blood-red flower heads), 'aureum' (golden yellow flower heads), 'bicolor' (red-tipped yellow flower heads), 'compositum' (large multicolored flower heads), 'macranthum' (large rose-edged white flower heads), and 'monstrosum' (flower heads with many bracts), although today they are generally sold in mixed seed for growing as annuals. Some colored forms of South African "Helichrysum" are thought to have been introduced to the breeding program, which resulted in the huge array of colors. The "Golden everlasting" was one of several species that became popular with European royalty and nobility from the early 19th century, yet were little noticed in Australia until the 1860s, when they became more prominent in Australian gardens.
Most varieties started in Australia in the latter part of the 20th century are perennials. 'Dargan Hill Monarch' was the first of these, and many more have followed. Profusely flowering, these come in many colors including white, yellow, orange, bronze, pink and red. Their commercial lifespan is generally around three years. Queensland-based company Aussie Winners has a range of compact plants ranging from orange to white known as Sundaze. Plants of this series usually have larger leaves. This range won the "Gran premio d'oro" at the Euroflora exposition in Geneva in 2001, for the best new plant series in the previous three years. 'Florabella Gold', a member of the Florabella series, won the award for best new pot plant (vegetative) in the Society of American Florists' competition of 1999. The Wallaby variety of the flower range of taller forms with narrow leaves and white, yellow or pink flowers. Other commercial ranges include the Nullarbor series, and Queensland Federation daisies, including 'Wanetta Sunshine' and 'Golden Nuggets'.

He was inspired by 'Annu Master' who had performed the first drag dance of Jaisalmer region, he started learning drag dance from him. He also practiced American tribal style belly dancing and Dancing in which dancers dance around a vertical pole, to make his body to perform all feminine movements.
Harish has performed Ghoomar, Kalbelia, Chang, Bhawai, Chari and other folk dances of Rajasthan state in about 60 countries. He also taught Choreography to more than 2,000 dance students in Japan. His performance was one of the highlights of the "Jaipur Literary Mela" which takes place once in a year. He has participated in the "Raqs Congree" in Brussels, the "Belly Dancing Festival" in Seoul and the "Desilicious" in New York City. In 2010, he has appeared in the reality television program 'India Got Talent' and went on to become the semi finalist. He has also appeared in several Bollywood movies such as Upadapdu (2003), Jai Gangajal (2016) and The Accidental Prime Minister (2019). In 2007, he appeared in British Movie director Jasmine Dellal's documentary "When the Road Bends… Tales of a Gypsy Caravan". In association with the government of Rajasthan, he ran a daily evening program in Jaisalmer called "'Queen" "Harish Program"'"." He had also been invited to perform at pre-wedding celebrations in Udaipur in December 2018. In that wedding he was seen dancing with Aishwarya Bachchan's daughter.
Harish was married to a woman and had two sons. On 2 June 2019, He was killed in a road accident on a highway in Kaparda village near Jodhpur in Rajasthan along with 3 other artists when they were travelling with other artists from Jaisalmer to Ajmer in a SUV car. He was 39 years old at the time of his death.
Reacting to his death, the Chief minister of Rajasthan at that time, Ashok Gehlot said, “Harish gave a new identity to Jaisalmer with his different dance style. His death is a big loss to the field of folk art.”

Arthur Friedenreich (18 July 1892 – 6 September 1969) was a Brazilian professional footballer who played as a forward. He was nicknamed "The Tiger" or "The Original "Black" Pearl", and was arguably the sport's first outstanding mixed-race player. He played when Brazilian football was still amateur, which lasted until 1933. He is occasionally identified as one of the all-time top scorers in football history, although this is highly disputed. Friedenreich was often said to be the pioneer of 'jogo bonito' or 'the beautiful game', a style frequently associated with Brazilian football. The style involved playing very quickly with short passes as well as quick touches and combinations. It also relied on taking many long shots and attacking with 2-3 pacy strikers to disorient the defence. Despite being a short player (5 ft 7 in) he was known for his pace, power, and brilliant technical dribbling. Considered as one of the greatest Brazilian strikers of all time during the 1910s and 1920s.
He started his career influenced by his father, playing for SC Germânia, a Brazilian football team composed of German immigrants. After playing with a succession of São Paulo club sides from 1910 onwards, Friedenreich made his debut with the national team in 1914 which was the first ever game Brazil played beating Exeter City 2-0. In the game, Friedenreich famously lost two of his front teeth due to a heavy slide tackle. He played twenty-two internationals, including wins in the 1919 and 1922 editions of the South American Championship, scoring ten goals. During the 1919 edition he became the first ever football player to score a hat-trick in a major international tournament. On Brazil's 1925 tour of Europe, he was feted as the "King of Football". He was also the top scorer in the Sao Paulo League in 1912, 1914, 1917, 1918, 1919, 1921, 1927 and 1929.

The words of Hajiro's citation explain:
Private Barney F. Hajiro distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 19, 22, and October 29, 1944, in the vicinity of Bruyeres and Biffontaine, eastern France. Private Hajiro, while acting as a sentry on top of an embankment on October 19, 1944, in the vicinity of Bruyeres, France, rendered assistance to allied troops attacking a house 200 yards away by exposing himself to enemy fire and directing fire at an enemy strong point. He assisted the unit on his right by firing his automatic rifle and killing or wounding two enemy snipers. On October 22, 1944, he and one comrade took up an outpost security position about 50 yards to the right front of their platoon, concealed themselves, and ambushed an 18-man, heavily armed, enemy patrol, killing two, wounding one, and taking the remainder as prisoners. On October 29, 1944, in a wooded area in the vicinity of Biffontaine, France, Private Hajiro initiated an attack up the slope of a hill referred to as "Suicide Hill" by running forward approximately 100 yards under fire. He then advanced ahead of his comrades about 10 yards, drawing fire and spotting camouflaged machine gun nests. He fearlessly met fire with fire and single-handedly destroyed two machine gun nests and killed two enemy snipers. As a result of Private Hajiro's heroic actions, the attack was successful. Private Hajiro's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit upon him, his unit, and the United States Army.

This episode is the second episode of Singer 2018. It was recorded on January 11, 2018, and was broadcast on January 19, 2018 at 8:00 p.m. Beijing time on Hunan Television. 1st round, Juno Su is going to participate challenge round, as the first challenge singer, at last she gets No.5 temporarily safe, and Li Xiaodong is the lowest percentages of votes in 1st round first two matches.
1st round, due to Juno Su gets No.5 temporarily safe in matches, Li Xiaodong is eliminated, as the lowest percentages of votes in 1st round first two matches.
This episode is the third episode of Singer 2018. It was recorded on January 18, 2018, and was broadcast on January 26, 2018 at 8:00 p.m. Beijing time on Hunan Television. James Li joins the competition in the 1st challenge round, as the first substitute singer.
In match 3, Juno Su gets No.3 challenge success, as Sam Lee is No.7 in the episode thus eliminated.
This episode is the fourth episode of Singer 2018. It was recorded on January 25, 2018, and was broadcast on February 2, 2018 at 8:00 p.m. Beijing time on Hunan Television. In second round, Hua Chenyu joins the competition, as the second substitute singer. 
At the end of "Singer 2017", many many Weibo entertainment marketing accounts said that "Singer 2017" as the last series of "I Am a Singer" and "Singer", the series of the show will not be made from 2018. There are three reasons, first in the preparation and broadcasting of "Singer 2017" faced a lot of uncertainty, second the invitation of competitors difficulties is harder than before, the last is the director Duyan and the screenwriter Sunli will leave after "Singer 2017". However on 14 June of 2017, During the broadcast of Hunan Xinwen Lianbo, accepted the interview of Hunan TV reporter. He said "Singer 2018" has entered the preparation to repudiate the remour.

The band used Trillion, a subsidiary of Trident Studios, their former management company and recording studio. They hired one of their trucks and got it to Elstree Studios, where the band was rehearsing for their tour. The video was directed by Bruce Gowers, who had directed a video of the band's 1974 performance at the Rainbow Theatre in London, and was recorded by cameraman Barry Dodd and assistant director/floor manager Jim McCutcheon. The video was recorded in just four hours on 10 November 1975, at a cost of £4,500. Gowers reported that the band was involved in the discussion of the video and the result, and "was a co-operative to that extent, but there was only one leader."
The video opens with a shot of the four band members standing in diamond formation with their heads tilted back in near darkness as they sing the "a cappella" part. The lights fade up, and the shots cross-fade into close-ups of Mercury. The composition of the shot is the same as Mick Rock's cover photograph for their second album "Queen II". The photo, inspired by a photograph of actress Marlene Dietrich, was the band's favourite image of themselves. The video then fades into them playing their instruments. In the opera section of the video, the scene reverts to the "Queen II" standing positions, after which they perform once again on stage during the hard rock segment. In the closing seconds of the video Roger Taylor is depicted stripped to the waist, striking the tam tam in the manner of the trademark of the Rank Organisation's Gongman, familiar in the UK as the opening of all Rank film productions.

In the first episodes of 2011 series, "The Impossible Astronaut"/"Day of the Moon", River, Rory and Amy (Karen Gillan are contacted by a future version of the Doctor. They are told to meet in the United States. This future version of the Doctor is killed by an person in a space suit. The Doctor's current version is there with them. In 1969, the present Doctor and company meet a little girl (Sydney Wade) who wears the space suit. River tells the Doctor it is a life support unit. The suit has been designed by the hypnotic alien race, Silence. The girl is later seen regenerating in New York City, 1970. In "A Good Man Goes to War," it is learned that River is Amy and Rory's daughter Melody. She was conceived in the TARDIS and has Time Lord DNA. Baby Melody is kidnaped by Madame Kovarian (Frances Barber) to become a weapon against the Doctor. "Let's Kill Hitler" shows that Melody was trained by the Silence to kill the Doctor. After regenerating in New York, Melody became Rory and Amy's childhood friend Mels (Maya Glace-Green) and grew up alongside them. When adult Mels (Nina Toussaint-White) is shot, she regenerates into her next form (Kingston) and kills the Doctor. When she learns she will one day become River Song, someone the Doctor trust, Melody chooses to resurrect the Doctor with her energy. This causes her to lose the ability. The Doctor learns that she is the person who kills him in his future. The Doctor gives her a blank TARDIS-shaped diary, and Melody - now River - begins to study archaeology. At the end of "Closing Time", on the day she receives her doctorate, the Silence and Kovarian recapture River. They, then, put her in the space suit to kill the Doctor as history showed. In the series finale "The Wedding of River Song", River stops herself from killing the Doctor. This created an alternate reality. The Doctor marries River. He gets her to return to the normal history by letting her know how he plans to fake his death. River goes to prison for his murder so no one knows he is not dead.

Like live action, machinima is recorded in real-time, and real people can act and control the camera. Filmmakers are often encouraged to follow traditional cinematic conventions, such as avoiding wide fields of view, the overuse of slow motion, and errors in visual continuity. Unlike live action, machinima involves less expensive, digital special effects and sets, possibly with a science-fiction or historical theme. Explosions and stunts can be tried and repeated without monetary cost and risk of injury, and the host environment may allow unrealistic physical constraints. University of Cambridge experiments in 2002 and 2003 attempted to use machinima to re-create a scene from the 1942 live-action film "Casablanca". Machinima filming differed from traditional cinematography in that character expression was limited, but camera movements were more flexible and improvised. Nitsche compared this experiment to an unpredictable Dogme 95 production.
Berkeley sees machinima as "a strangely hybrid form, looking forwards and backwards, cutting edge and conservative at the same time". Machinima is a digital medium based on 3-D computer games, but most works have a linear narrative structure. Some, such as "Red vs. Blue" and "The Strangerhood", follow narrative conventions of television situational comedy. Although other virtual theatrical performances have taken place in chat rooms and multi-user dungeons, machinima adds "cinematic camera work". Previously, such virtual cinematic performances with live audience interaction were confined to research labs which had powerful computers.

A very similar, but not necessarily identical and the same view is philosophical theism, which recognizes the existence of God on the basis ofrepresents belief in God entirely without doctrine, except for that which can be discerned by reason and the contemplation of natural laws. Philosophical theism conceives of nature as the result of purposive activity and so as an intelligible system open to human understanding, although possibly never completely understandable. It implies the belief that nature is ordered according to some sort of consistent plan and manifests a single purpose or intention, however incomprehensible or inexplicable. However, philosophical theists do not endorse or adhere to the theology or doctrines of any organized religion or church. They may accept arguments or observations about the existence of a god advanced by theologians working in some religious tradition, but reject the tradition itself. (For example, a philosophical theist might believe certain Christian arguments about God while nevertheless rejecting Christianity). Philosophical theism is very similar to deism and is based on the same assumptions. The only difference is that in philosophical theism the higher being (God) is not only the creator of the world, but also something more, beyond this, in addition to this. Philosophical theism does not exclude the possibility that this higher being may sometimes somehow interfere in the world he created. What may or may not distinguish philosophical theism from very similiar irreligious theism is that in philosophical theism the belief in God is based on reason, while in irreligious theism this is not necessarily the case, in irreligious theism it can also be one's own individual faith close to religious without a rational approach and irrational.

Paul's letter is to settle an important question of that day. It is if the gentile Christians must first join the Jewish religion and keep the Law of Moses. Paul says that the gentile Galatians do not need to keep the old Laws such as the need for circumcision, which is the removal of some skin around the male sex organ, done by Jews and Muslims as an act of religious obedience to God. Paul says that this is no longer important since Jesus has come. Paul says it is not good that the community has turned from the gospel (Chapter 1, verses 6–10) He says there is only one gospel and one way of being saved through faith in Christ and that adding to that makes it another gospel. He talks about his early life as a Jew, (Chapter 1, verses 13–14), how he met Christ, often called the conversion of Paul, (Chapter 1, verses 15–16), and his early work (Chapter 1 verses 17–24). He tells about meeting with the other Christian leaders in Jerusalem as reported in Acts chapter 15, verses 2:1–10. He says that they agreed with him that the gentiles did not need to be become practicing Jews first. In Chapter 2 he tells about a meeting with Peter where he told Peter that he was not acting properly towards the gentile Christians by not eating with them. Then he says that Jews, like Gentiles, are not made right with God by keeping the old Law but by trusting in what Jesus did for them when He died on the cross. Later in the book he tells that the Law was given to show us how sinful we are so that we would see the need for forgiveness. He says that when we love others we have fulfilled the true meaning of the Law. He writes that when we have faith, God sends the Holy Spirit who helps us live a good life and keep from bad things. He gives a list of those bad and good actions. (Chapter 5)

The story is set in 1945 in Japan during the final months of World War II. Seita (aged 14) and his younger sister Setsuko (aged 4), are children who temporarily have no parents, after their mother dies in the bombing of Kobe (the children survived the bombing), while their father is out serving the Japanese Imperial Navy during the war, and knows nothing about the situation of his family back home. Because of this, Seita and Setsuko move in with their aunt who lives in the nearby city of Nishinomiya. Their aunt seems kind at first, but later treats them badly. After repeated insults, the children pack up and leave their aunt's house and move into an abandoned bomb shelter, which is located on the banks of a nearby river. Seita and Setsuko are well-fed at first but that lasts only a short while. The two fall into hunger, and after a while, the hunger turns into starvation. Meanwhile, Seita begins stealing food, for which he is assaulted by a farmer and sent to the police. The police realizes that he is stealing out of starvation and releases him from the station. Shorlty after his release, Seita continues stealing food. The war ends with the surrender of the Japanese. All of the ships serving the Japanese Imperial Navy had been sunk, and Seita and Setsuko's father is most likely dead, thus making them possible orphans. Seita is distraught upon learning of this. By the time the war ends, Setsuko is very weak and she dies shortly after the war ends. After her death, Seita buys some charcoal and cremates her body. After the cremation, Seita decides to leave the bomb shelter and become homeless. He dies in a train station all alone from starvation, as people who pass by him, ignore him and pretend they don't notice him. Upon his death, Seita's spirit reunites with his sister Setsuko's spirit.
The film ends with Seita and his sister Setsuko's spirits overlooking modern-day Kobe.

The Italians in coastal Slovenia and Croatia were mostly an indigenous population (in 1910 they accounted for more than a third of the local inhabitants, while in Istria they were nearly 55%), bolstered by new arrivals or the so called "regnicoli", never well liked by the slavs by the indigenous Venetian-speaking Istrians, who arrived between 1918-1943, when Istria, Fiume, part of Dalmatia, and the islands of Cres (Cherso), Lussino, Lagosta, and Pelagosa (Palagruža) were part of Italy. The Austrian 1910 census indicated about 182,500 people who listed Italian as their language of communication in what is now the territory of Slovenia and Croatia: 137,131 in Istria, 28,911 in Fiume/Rijeka (1918), 11,487 in Zara/Zadar, 5,000 in Dalmatia, while the Italian 1936 census indicated about 230,000 people who listed Italian as their language of communication in what is now the territory of Slovenia and Croatia, then part of the Italian state (ca. 194,000 in today’s Croatia and ca. 36,000 in today’s Slovenia). From the end of World War II until 1953, according to various data, between 250,000 and 350,000 people emigrated from these regions. Some thousands were Slovenes and Croats who opposed the Communist government in Yugoslavia, while most were ethnic Italians, the so-called "optanti" emigrants who were living permanently in this region on 10 June 1940 and who expressed their wish to obtain Italian citizenship and emigrate to Italy. The emigration of Italians greatly reduced the total population of the region and totally altered its ethnic structure.

Several years before the "Angel" first showed on television, writer Joss Whedon created the idea behind "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" to change the Hollywood formula of "the little blonde girl who goes into a dark alley and gets killed in every horror movie." Whedon was not happy with the way that the "Buffy" idea was first done in the 1992 movie, "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". He was given the chance to do the story better with the television series of the same name. The early years of the series were about the life of Buffy Summers, a high-school aged vampire slayer, and her group of friends in Sunnydale (a fictional small town in California). The supernatural parts in the series took the place of the real problems that are a part of adolescence and young adulthood. The character Angel was first seen in the first episode. He became a regular cast member during the second/third seasons. In the fictional universe created by "Buffy" (the Buffyverse), Angel was born in 18th century Ireland. After being turned into a soulless immortal vampire, he became very well known for the evil things he did. Over 100 years later, Angel killed a gypsy girl. Her family punished him by returning his soul. He felt a very large amount of guilt for what he had done over all those years. Angel eventually began on a path of redemption. He hoped that he might make up for his past by doing good deeds. In the "Buffy" third season final episode, Angel leaves Sunnydale for Los Angeles to continue his path of redemption without Buffy. Whedon believed that "Angel was the one character who was bigger than life in the same way that Buffy was, a kind of superhero."

Hecate (, "Hekátē") is the goddess of magic, crossroads, witchcraft, sorcery, ghosts and necromancy in ancient Greek religion and myth. The daughter of Perses and Asteria (twin sister of Leto), Hecate was a member of the third generation of Titans, but sided with Zeus and his siblings during the Titanomachy. As such, she was greatly honored by Zeus, who allowed her to operate on Earth, as well as the sky and the Underworld. A nocturnal figure, Hecate often dwelled in underground caves or in the Underworld itself. She was often invoked as a household deity, to provide aid in warding off evil spirits. Hecate assisted Demeter in her search for her daughter Persephone following Hades' abduction of her, guiding the goddess' path at night by her flaming torches. Afterwards, she frequently served as a companion of Persephone, joining her on her yearly journey to and from the realm of the dead. In later times, Hecate was depicted as a woman with three-heads, thought to represent the past, present and future. Serving as her attendants were the empousai, a species of man-eating monsters who were vampiric in appearance with a leg made of solid bronze and the other that of a donkey. Often identified with the goddesses Artemis and Selene, Hecate served as a representative of the harvest moon. Her symbols were a pair of torches, keys and daggers, and the serpent, polecat, and dog were considered her sacred animals. She was usually worshipped along side Demeter and Persephone. Her roman counterpart is Trivia.

While two tank companies of "9. Panzerdivision" remained to pursue the French, the other four began to cross the Moerdijk bridge at 05:20. Two staff companies with tanks also went to the northern side. The Dutch attempted to block the German armour. At around 06:00 the last medium bomber, a Fokker T. V, dropped two bombs on the bridge. The one bomb that hit the bridge did not explode. The bomber was shot down. The Dutch tried to destroy the bridge by artillery fire, but the bridge was only slightly damaged. Attempts to flood the Island of Dordrecht failed. The Light Division tried to advance to the west. However, two of the four battalions could not recapture the suburbs of Dordrecht. When the other two battalions approached the main road, they were met by a few dozen German tanks. The battalions were hit by a Stuka bombing and they fled to the east. 47mm and 75 mm batteries halted the attack of the German tanks. The left part of the Light Division then withdrew to the Alblasserwaard at around 13:00. A tank company also tried to capture the Dordrecht, but it was ordered to retreat after heavy street fighting. in At least two Panzerkampfwagen IIs were destroyed and three tanks heavily damaged. All Dutch troops were withdrawn from the island in the night. German armoured forces advanced north over the Dordrecht bridge into IJsselmonde island. Three tanks, two PzKpfw. IIs and a Panzerkampfwagen III attacked the Barendrecht bridge into the Hoekse Waard. All of them were destroyed by a single 47 mm antitank-gun. Though the Germans did not make another attack, this area was abandoned by the Dutch troops.
In Rotterdam a last attempt was made to blow up the "Willemsbrug". Two Dutch companies attacked the bridge. The bridge was reached and the fifty German almost surrendered. However, the attack was stopped because of heavy fire from the other side of the river.

The PSD was founded in 1974, two weeks after the Carnation Revolution and in 1976 adopted its current name. In 1979, the PSD allied with centre-right parties to form the Democratic Alliance and won that year's election. After the 1983 general election, the party formed a grand coalition with the Socialist Party, known as the Central Bloc. This was before winning the 1985 general election under new leader Aníbal Cavaco Silva, who shifted the party to the right. 
Cavaco Silva served as Prime Minister for ten years, instituting major economic liberalisation and winning two landslide victories. After he stepped down, the PSD lost the 1995 election. The party was returned to power under José Manuel Durão Barroso in 2002, but was defeated in the 2005 election. The party was able to return to power after the 2011 elections and four years later was able to win a plurality in the 2015 legislative election, winning 107 seats in the Assembly of the Republic in alliance with the CDS – People's Party, but being unable to form a minority government. The current leader, Rui Rio, a centrist, was elected on 13 January 2018.
Originally a social-democratic party, the PSD became the main centre-right, conservative party in Portugal. The PSD is a member of the European People's Party and the Centrist Democrat International. Until 1996, the PSD belonged to the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party and Liberal International. The party publishes the weekly "Povo Livre" ("Free People") newspaper.

In June 2008 the band supported Radiohead on the Manchester date of their world tour and went on a headline tour of the UK during November 2008, playing at venues such as Manchester Academy and Shepherd's Bush Empire. MGMT opened for M.I.A. on the Vassar College date of her 2008 tour, and also played several shows with Beck during his 2008 tour. They appeared at the 2008 and 2009 editions of the Bonnaroo Music Festival. Bruce Springsteen was in attendance during their 2009 Bonnaroo late-night set, which followed his headlining appearance on What Stage. They also toured Australia with a headlining spot on the Meredith Music Festival line-up. The group played a show at the Virgin Music Festival on the Toronto Islands on September 6, 2008, playing nine songs off their "Oracular Spectacular" album. They also played the 2008 Street Scene festival in San Diego, California. On February 27, 2009, MGMT performed alongside Spectrum at The Dome in Finsbury Park. MGMT also played another show in Australia at the 2009 Splendour in the Grass Festival. They headlined this music festival along with other well known bands such as Bloc Party, The Flaming Lips, Happy Mondays, and Jane's Addiction. MGMT opened for Paul McCartney, an admitted fan, at Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts, on August 5 and 6, 2009. On August 15, 2009, MGMT played in Hamburg, Germany, at the Dockville Festival and performed several songs from their upcoming album. MGMT was one of the headlining bands for the Treasure Island Music Festival on Treasure Island in San Francisco, California, on October 17, 2009.

Yano was born in Hamamatsu on April 5, 1984. After graduating from Hamana High School, he joined J1 League club Kashiwa Reysol in 2003. He played as substitute forward from first season. Although his opportunity to play increased late from summer 2005, Reysol was relegated to J2 League end of 2005 season. In 2006, he was transferred to Albirex Niigata with teammate Mitsuru Nagata. He quickly established himself as a first-choice forward. Although his play style was a tall center forward, he was converted to right winger of three forwards in 2009 because Niigata gain same style forward Hideo Oshima. In August 2010, Yano was transferred to German Bundesliga club Freiburg. After an unsuccessful stint in Europe, he returned to Japan and signed for Niigata in February 2012. Although he initially played as regular forward, he lost his position and he played many matches as substitute forward from June. The club results were also sluggish and finished at the 15th place of 18 clubs in 2012 season. In 2013, Yano moved to Nagoya Grampus. Although he initially played as center forward instead Joshua Kennedy who was injured, Kennedy came back in May and Yano played many matches as substitute forward. In 2014, Yano was converted to right side back by new manager Akira Nishino and became a regular player as right side back. Although he played as regular player every season, Nagoya finished at the 16th place of 18 clubs in 2016 season and was relegated to J2 League. In 2017, Yano re-joined Albirex Niigata for the first time in four years. Although he played many matches as right side back, Niigata was relegated to J2 end of 2017 season. He was returned to his original position forward by new manager Masakazu Suzuki in 2018. In 2020, he moved to Tochigi SC.

Dieckmann and Gray won the director Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau, who made movies until 1919, but had made ​​his first seven productions a reputation as a talented filmmaker. Gray, who had studied at the Art Academy in Dresden, took over as artistic director and designed sets and costumes. For the soundtrack of the musical director of the Prana-Film Hans Erdmann was responsible. The unknown stage actor Max Schreck from Munich, was committed for the title role. Other roles took on expressionist theater of Max Reinhardt trained actors like Greta Schröder, Gustav von Wangenheim, and Alexander Granach, a former classmate at Murnau Reinhardt's acting school at the Deutsches Theater.
Filming began in July 1921. Exterior shots were filmed in Wismar. A take from Marienkirche's tower over Wismar marketplace with the Wasserkunst Wismar served as the establishing shot for the Wisborg scene. Other locations were the Wassertor, the Heiligen-Geist-Kirche yard and the harbour. In Lübeck, the abandoned Salzspeicher served as Nosferatu's new Wisborg house, the one of the churchyard from Aegidienkirche served as Hutters and down the Depenau "coffin bearers" beared coffins. Many walks of Lübeck took place in the hunt of "Knock" who ordered Hutter in the "Yard of Füchting" to meet the earl. Further exterior shots followed in Lauenburg, Rostock and on Sylt. The film team travelled to the Carpathian Mountains, where Orava Castle served as backdrop for Orlok's half-ruined castle. Nearby locations also served: Hutter's stay at Dolný Kubín; the river journey with the coffins filmed on the Váh River; and the panoramas of the High Tatras mountain range. The team filmed interior shots at the JOFA studio in Berlin's Johannisthal locality. and further exteriors in the Tegel forest. Parts of the film set in Transylvania were also shot in Slovakia.

In an interview, lead guitarist Noel Gallagher said of the song:
""Some of the lyrics were written when I was out of it. There's the words: 'Someday you will find me/ Caught beneath a landslide/ In a Champagne Supernova in the sky'. That's probably as psychedelic as I'll ever get. It means different things when I'm in different moods. When I'm in a bad mood being caught beneath a landslide is like being suffocated. The song is a bit of an epic. It's about when you're young and you see people in groups and you think about what they did for you and they did nothing. As a kid, you always believed the Sex Pistols were going to conquer the world and kill everybody in the process. Bands like The Clash just petered out. Punk rock was supposed to be the revolution but what did it do? Fuck all. The Manchester thing was going to be the greatest movement on earth but it was fuck all. When we started we decided we weren't going to do anything for anybody, we just thought we'd leave a bunch of great songs. But some of the words are about nothing. One is about Bracket The Butler who used to be on Camberwick Green, or Chipley or Trumpton or something. He used to take about 20 minutes to go down the hall. And then I couldn't think of anything that rhymed with 'hall' apart from 'cannonball'. so I wrote 'Slowly walking down the hall/ Faster than a cannonball' and people were like, 'Wow, fuck , man'. There's also the line 'Where were you while we were getting high?' because that's what we always say to each other. But the number of people who've started clubs called Champagne Supernova is fucking unbelievable. And the album isn't even released yet.""

After being classified as a subtropical cyclone, Olga kept an organized outflow, and located to the southeast of a strong ridge over the western Atlantic Ocean, the cyclone moved west-southwestward. The storm strengthened a little bit while moving along the northern coast of Puerto Rico, and after an increase in convection near the center, Olga made landfall near Punta Cana, Dominican Republic at 1800 UTC on December 11. A Hurricane Hunters flight into the storm reported peak winds of 60 mph (95 km/h), and on December 12, the National Hurricane Center reclassified Olga as a tropical cyclone while it was still inland. Convection quickly weakened as the storm crossed central Hispaniola, and after reaching the Caribbean Sea the system lacked the convection required for the classification of a tropical cyclone; rainbands well to its northeast had stronger winds, though the center became very disorganized with dry air and strong wind shear. Late on December 12, convection increased a little bit over the center, though by that time the cyclone weakened to tropical depression status. As a certain amount of convection failed to exist, the National Hurricane Center discontinued advisories on Olga earlier on December 13 while located about 80 miles (130 km) northwest of Kingston, Jamaica. Its remnants continued west-northwestward with a clear low-level circulation, creating scattered thunderstorms over Cuba and the Cayman Islands with its moisture extending northward into southern Florida.

In the United States, the combined oral contraceptive pill was first given to women in 1960. It was a revolutionary breakthrough in contraception for two reasons. First, it is very effective at preventing pregnancy if it is used in the right way. Second, it was the first contraceptive to completely separate the act of contraception (in this case the taking of a pill) from sexual intercourse itself. Unlike barrier methods, when a woman is "on the Pill," she and the man are usually not even aware of it during sexual intercourse, which seems and feels very natural. The woman may be on the pill without her partner knowing. The couple can have sex at any time they wish; they don’t need to interrupt foreplay to put birth control in place, and they can feel the physical sensations and emotional closeness of intercourse without interference from a male or female condom. Unlike coitus interruptus, when a woman is on the Pill, intercourse usually ends with her man reaching orgasm while inside the vagina, which both the man and woman usually find very pleasurable. It may also make women's menses shorter and with less bleeding, as well as helping her complexion, which most women like. For all of these reasons, the Pill is very popular. In 2005, more than 80 million women across the world used the Pill. It is the most common method of contraception in the United States, with four out of five women there having used the pill for birth control at some point in their lives. Use of the Pill is different in different countries, and among women of different ages and levels of education. Both single women and married women use the Pill in large numbers.

Robert Jermain Thomas ( 17 September 1840disappeared 31 August 1866) was a Welsh Protestant Christian man who served as a missionary with the London Missionary Service spreading the gospel in China and Korea. While serving as a missionary in China, Thomas developed a strong desire to work as a missionary in Korea, among it's peoples. At the time, Korea was closed to foreigners because of the government's fear of foreign influence on Korea. Many Koreans had been converted by Catholic priests in the end of the 18th century, but the government had around 8,000 of those converts killed. 
Robert Jermain Thomas was born 17 September 1840, in Rhayader, Powys, Radnorshire, Wales, United Kingdom. In 1863, Thomas married a woman named Caroline Godfrey. 
Thomas and his newly married wife Godfrey went as missionaries to China with the London Missionary Service to spread the gospel to the Chinese people. Four months after their arrival in Shangai, China, his wife Godfrey suffered a miscarriage and died afterwards from the consequences in 1865. 
31 August 1866 was the day that the Americans had begin launching attacks on Korea. An American ship not far from the shores of Korea began attacking the shores and some towns of Korea. Some civilians were wounded and killed due to the attacks. In response to the attacks, Korea began attacking the American ships that attacked them. This started a conflict between Korea and the United States. Meanwhile, Robert Jermain Thomas was in Korea. 
The entire conflict lasted two days. Two days after the attack began, the Americans having a damaged ship due to the Korean attacks had surrendered on 2 September. After those attacks, Roman Jermain Thomas was not seen again. It is possible that he died due to the attacks. He was last seen on 31 August 1866 (the day that the conflict had began). He was later declared a proclaimed martyr of Korea.
Maria Jesus Contreras

Verstappen and Hamilton were on equal points in the Drivers' Championship going into the final round, the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, with Verstappen leading on countback. Verstappen overtook Hamilton on the final lap to win the race, and his first Formula One World Drivers' Championship. Verstappen, who had qualified on pole position by nearly four tenths of a second, had a slow start off the line at the start of the race and dropped to second place. Verstappen was trailing Hamilton by over ten seconds until a late safety car was called in due to a crash at turn 14 involving Williams driver Nicholas Latifi. The withdrawal of the safety car and the resumption of the race following the safety car period was met with controversy. Race director Michael Masi allowed only a certain number of lapped cars through, which after the race brought from the Mercedes team a protest and stated intention to appeal against the race result, arguing that all lapped cars should be allowed through, Red Bull counter argued that this was not specified by the wording of the regulations. The protest was rejected, although subsequent investigation by the FIA ruled that Masi had misinterpreted the rule and the wording of the rule was amended for the 2022 season to specify that "all" cars will unlap themselves (at the race director's discretion) rather than "any". Verstappen passed Hamilton at turn 5 of the final lap of the race to become the 34th Formula One World Drivers' Champion.
In March 2022 Verstappen signed a five-year contract extension with Red Bull Racing for the 2023 to 2028 seasons.

In 2011, he released the documentary "Breaking the Taboo", which discusses alternative policies for the failed war on drugs and has the Ex-President of Brazil, Fernando Henrique Cardoso, as its anchor. The film features statements from Bill Clinton, Jimmy Carter, Paulo Coelho, Dráuzio Varella, Gael Garcia Bernal and 4 other former heads of state from countries such as Colombia, Switzerland, Norway and Mexico. The film promoted debate in the media, schools and even in the Brazilian congress, with a speech by senator Eduardo Suplicy. Veja Magazine published a 9-page article on the film calling it "a meticulously crafted report made over two years with 168 interviews from personalities, some of them of the same caliber as mentioned above, and others less known, but no less credible." The television show Fantástico of Rede Globo aired an 8-minute report on the film and later polled the viewers on the subject, 57% voted in favor of legalization. Trip magazine published a cover story on the film. Filmed in 18 cities around the world, the interviewed subjects include premiers, policemen, inmates and rehabilitated addicts who help compose a board that debates and consolidates the films argument. Breaking the Taboo was filmed in 18 cities around the world with the scenery varying from FARC poppy plantations in the Colombian jungle to Amsterdam coffeeshops and the American capital. The Newspaper Folha de São Paulo considered that the film had "A consistent argumentative route, not necessarily aligned with common sense". The film also had repercussions in the English newspaper The Guardian: "The documentary highlights the perils of debating an issue so clouded by ideology and calls for an end to the stigmatization of the debate. It boasts the support of several former world leaders including Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter." The documentary is currently being adapted for the American and European market in partnership with the production house Current Sponge, led by Sam Branson, son of the entrepreneur Richard Branson.

The term Turcophone Iran or Turks of Iran typically applies to Iranian Azerbaijan, Fars Province ( nomads) and northern . The Azerbaijanis, who inhabit the Âzerbâyjân provinces, form the vast majority of these Turkish-speaking Iranians: between 20 and 25% of the total population. Because of their large numbers in big cities, like Tabriz and especially in Tehran and its surrounding region, these languages are dominant in only 12% of the rural cantons (). Turkish-speaking areas are often very homogeneous (more than 90% of Turkish-speaking villages in the same dehestân) in Âzerbâyjân and in the . Because of the great dispersion of Turkish villages in the Zagros mountains, Fars region and northern Khorasan since the mid-nineteenth century, the Turkish-speaking population gradually mixed with and Persian-speakers, especially in Tehran and suburban cities such as Karaj, and . The Turkish-speaking population in Iran is the result of a long history that began in the eleventh century with the invasion of Iran by the and lasted to the long ruling Turkic-speaking tribes such as the Safavids (1501-1736) who founded modern Iran in the sixteenth century and the (1786-1923).
Among the Turkish-speaking population of Iran, Azerbaijanis are the least proficient in Persian. The Turkish composition of Tehran is estimated from about one-third to over half of the citie's population. This ratio, of around 6-7 million people, places Tehran in the first place among the densest Turkish habitation in Iran. Azerbaijanis alone comprised at least one-third of Iran's population in 1850. It is likely that this proportion has continued to increase as Iranian Azerbaijanis exhibit greater fertility in rural areas.
 
The Qashqai is one of the largest and most famous tribal confederacies in Iran, composed of settled, semi-settled, and pastoral nomadic communities. In the 1982 census, around 200,000 members of the Qashqai were recorded. According to other sources, the Qashqai consisted of 30,000 families in 1980, which corresponded to about 400,000 people. The international linguistic compendium of the "" estimated their number at 1.5 million in 1997. According to the 2015 census, the total number of the Qashqai ethnic group was given between 1.6 and 2.5 million.

In early 2021, potential laws were started. These laws would limit the teaching of critical race theory in public schools in Idaho, Iowa, Oklahoma, Tennessee, and Texas. Several of these bills used the words "critical race theory" or talked about the "New York Times" 1619 Project. In mid-April 2021, a bill was introduced to the Idaho legislature that would have banned any educational entity in the state (schools and other things like schools) from teaching or advocating sectarianism, including critical race theory and other social justice programs. On May 4, 2021, the bill was signed into law by Governor Brad Little. On June 10, 2021, every member of the Florida State Board of Education voted to stop public schools from teaching critical race theory. They did this because governor Ron DeSantis asked them to. As of July 2021, 10 U.S. states have introduced bills or done other things that would limit teaching critical race theory, and 26 others were in the process of doing so. In June 2021, the American Association of University Professors, the American Historical Association, the Association of American Colleges and Universities, and PEN America released a joint paper saying that these laws were bad. By August 2021, 167 professional organizations had signed the statement. In August 2021, the Brookings Institution recorded that eight statesIdaho, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Iowa, New Hampshire, Arizona, and South Carolinahad passed laws on the critical race theory, though they also noted that none of the bills had passed, with the exception of Idaho's, actually contained the words "critical race theory." Brookings also noted that these laws often also stop teaching about gender. Critics called the state laws a memory law and said that the law banning critical race theory was proof that critical race theory was right: that racism is part of the law in the United States.

In the first century BCE, present-day Martigny was an oppidum or vicus of a Celtic tribe, the Veragri. It was then called Octodurus or Octodurum. When Julius Caesar was in Gaul (57-56 BCE), he sent Servius Galba with the twelfth legion and some cavalry into the country of the Nantuates, Veragri, and Seduni. His purpose in sending this force was to open the pass over the Alps, the pass of the Great St. Bernard, by which road the "mercatores" had been used to travel at great risk, and with the payment of great tolls. ("B. G." iii. 1.) The people of the Alps allowed the Italian merchants to pass, because if they plundered them the merchants would not come; but they got as much out of them as they could. Galba, after taking many strong places, and receiving the submission of the people, sent off two cohorts into the country of the Nantuates, and with the remaining cohorts determined to winter in Octodurus, which was in a valley with no great extent of level ground near it, confined on all sides by very lofty mountains. There is some level ground at Martigny, and the valley of the Rhone at this part is not very narrow. Caesar says that the town of Octodurus was divided into parts by a river, but he does not mention the river's name. It is the Dranse. Galba gave one part of the town to the Galli to winter in, and assigned the other to his troops. He fortified himself with a ditch and rampart, and thought he was safe. He was, however, suddenly attacked by the Galli before his defences were complete or all his supplies were brought into the camp. Thus began the Battle of Octodurus. The Romans obstinately defended themselves in a six hours' fight; when, seeing that they could no longer keep the enemy out, they made a sortie, which was successful. The Romans estimated the Galli at more than 30,000, and Caesar says that more than a third part were destroyed. The slaughter of the enemy was prodigious, which has been made an objection to Caesar's veracity, or to Galba's, who made his report to the commander. It has also been objected that the valley is not wide enough at Martigny to hold the 30,000 men. There may be error in the number that attacked, and also in the number who died. After this escape Galba prudently withdrew his troops, and marching through the country of the Nantuates reached the land of the Allobroges, where he wintered.

Nintendo started making the game with the creation of the characters and camera system. Miyamoto and the other designers were initially unsure of which direction the game should take; months were spent selecting a camera view and layout that would be appropriate. The original concept involved the game having fixed path much like an isometric type game (similar to ""), before the choice was made to settle on a free-roaming 3D design. Although the majority of "Super Mario 64" would end up featuring the free-roaming design, elements of the original fixed path concept would remain in certain parts of the game, particularly in the three Bowser encounters. One of the programmers of "Super Mario 64", Giles Goddard, explained that these few linear elements survived to force players into Bowser's lair rather than to encourage exploration. The development team placed a great amount of attention, time, and effort on getting Mario's movements right. Before levels were created, the team was testing and perfecting Mario's animations on a simple grid. The first test scenario used to try out controls and physics involved Mario and a golden rabbit named "MIPS" by the developers (named for the MIPS-type CPU used by the Nintendo 64), the latter of which was included in the final release of the game as a way to find two of the Power Stars. At first, the developers tried to make the game split screen co-op using both Mario and Luigi. Initially, the two characters would start at separate points in the castle and work their way through the game together. However, developers were unable to make the gameplay work.

At the start of the movie, a young Diego is crossing illegally in to the United States from Mexico. Along the way, he meets an old Aztec man who tells him about a shortcut across a river. Before they get there, the old man performs an ancient ritual to the Aztec god of sacrifice and dies. Diego is then left alone at the river. Ten years later, Diego is living in East Los Angeles, California. He has a girlfriend Maria Somera and lives with his best friend Zak Silver. Maria's uncle, a priest of a local church does not like Diego's sympathy for the Aztec religion. This usually causes Diego and Maria to meet in secret. When a local Dia de los Muertos (""Day of the Dead"") festival is to take place, a celebration with Aztec roots, Diego becomes excited. He dresses as an undead Mariachi with the traditional facepaint. Unfortunately, he has to go alone because both Zak and Maria are busy the night of the celebration. While driving to the festival, Diego's car crashes and he is killed. He later wakes up in Mictlan, the Aztec land of the dead. There he is sacrificed in an ancient ritual by the god of death and sent back to the land of the living a year after his death. He later learns that the old gods want to rule their world again. Three sacrifices representing the Church that took away their power must be made. This puts Maria's life is at risk because she is a descendent of one of the first churches in Mexico. Now Diego must fight against the gods that made him to save the woman he loves.

Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a 2004 American romantic drama movie set in New York. It was released on March 19, 2004. It was directed by Michel Gondry, a well-known French director of "Human Nature", and the story of the movie was written by Charlie Kaufman of "Being John Malkovich" and "Adaptation" and Pierre Bismuth as well as Gondry. Jim Carrey, famous for his acting in several comedy movies such as "The Mask" and "Bruce Almighty", and Kate Winslet, a heroine of "Titanic", starred in this movie as main characters both of whom are struggling to erase their memories of love.
The story of this movie is about memory erasure of a couple who once loved each other but now, suffer from the memories of their love. Joel Barish (Jim Carrey) decides to erase his memory about his girlfriend, Clementine Kruczynski (Kate Winslet), after he discovered that she had removed all of her memories about him. He goes to see Dr. Howard Mierzwiak (Tom Wilkinson) of Lacuna Inc., a firm that helps people erase their painful, heartbreaking memories with a special brain map processing, and asks the doctor to erase his memory. However, while the memory erasure is ongoing, he faces with their earlier memories that are so passionate, sweet and precious that they should never be deleted. Although Joel tries to wake up and stop getting rid of her from his mind, Dr. Mierswiak and his employees keep going on the process. Joel eventually gets to the last memory, disappearing with the last words of Clementine saying, “Meet me in Montauk.” Other than the story of main characters, the staff members of Lacuna Inc. such as Mary (Kirsten Dunst), and Patrick (Elijah Wood) also have some related stories which will be a key for the ending of this movie.
The director tells people two quotes by Mary’s words in the movie. The first one is from Friedrich Nietzsche’s saying, “Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the better even of their blunders.” The second one is from Alexander Pope’s poem, “How happy is the blameless vestal's lot! The world forgetting, by the world forgot. Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind! Each prayer accepted, and each wish resigned.” The title of this movie, “Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind” is from this quote.

Among the Bantu tribes a man has the refusal of all the younger sisters of his wife as they attain puberty. Practically no woman lives unmarried all her life, for if no suitor seeks her, she singles out a man and offers herself to him at a reduced price, an offer usually accepted, as the women are excellent agricultural laborers. The Nilotic Kavirondo incline to exogamy, endeavoring always to marry outside their clan. Girls are betrothed at six or seven, and the husband-elect continually makes small presents to his father-in-law-elect till the bride reaches womanhood. It is regarded as shameful if the girl be not found a virgin on her wedding day. She is sent back to her parents, who have to return the marriage price, and pay a fine. The wife's adultery was formerly punished with death, and the capital penalty was also inflicted on young men and girls guilty of adultery. Among the Bantu Kavirondo the usual minimum price for a wife is forty hoes, twenty goats and one cow, paid in installments. The Nilotic Kavirondo pay twenty sheep and two to six cows. The husband-elect can claim his bride after half payment; if a woman dies without bearing children, the amount of her purchase is returnable by her father, unless the widower consents to replace her by another sister. The women are prolific and the birth of twins is common and considered a lucky event, which is celebrated by feasting and dances. Among the Bantu Kavirondo the mother of twins must remain in her hut for seven days; among the Nilotic Kavirondo the parents and the infants must stay in the hut for a whole month. If a Bantu mother has lost two children in succession, the next child born is taken out at dawn and placed on the road, where it is left till a neighbor, usually a woman friend who has gone that way on purpose, picks it up and takes it to its mother who gives a goat in return; a somewhat similar custom prevails among the Niotic tribes. Names are not male and female, and a daughter often bears her fathers name.

David Yang's main studies were with Martha Strongin Katz, Heidi Castleman, Karen Ritscher, and Stephen Wyrczynski. He is mainly known as a chamber musician and has worked with people who are part of groups such as the Tokyo String Quartet, Brentano String Quartet, Borromeo String Quartet, Cassatt String Quartet, Miro String Quartet, Vermeer String Quartet, and Trio Solisti, Trio Cavatina, and Eroica Piano Trio. In 2009, he was awarded special status from from the Independence Foundation in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, which is awarded to a small amount of artists. David Yang is the person in charge of chamber music at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, and is also the person in charge of art at the Newburyport Chamber Music Festival. He was one of the members of the string trio Ensemble Epomeo when it was founded. He has performed with Ensemble Epomeo all around Europe, Canada, and the USA. Because he advocates for new music, he has asked over twenty composers, such as Robert Capanna, Andrea Clearfield, Daniel Dorff, Cynthia Folio, Jeremy Gill, Gerald Levinson, David Ludwig, Robert Maggio, Jay Reise, Kile Smith, Dmitri Tymoczko, Anna Weesner, and Andrew Waggoner, to make pieces of music, and has performed the first performances of them. He is the person in charge of Auricolae, a group that tells stories and performs music. He composes music for Auricolae, and is on the list of members of Musicopia. He also holds a master's degree in architecture from the University of Pennsylvania and worked in the studio of Aldo Rossi and for Hugh Hardy.
Yang plays a viola Johannes Tielka, a viola da gamba maker, made in 1670 and Joseph Joachim, who was a 19th-century violin virtuoso who was the best friend of Johannes Brahms. He records for the record labels New Focus, Somm, and Avie.
His father was John Yang, a notable landscape photographer. His mother is Linda Gureasko Yang, who was the garden columnist for the New York Times. His sister was Naomi Yang, who was the player of electric bass for Galaxie 500, which is a cult alternative band that started in 1987 and ended in 1991.

Jesse Katsopolis is the brother-in-law of Danny, the younger brother of Pam and the uncle of her daughters D.J., Stephanie and Michelle. One day, Jesse marries Rebecca "Becky" Donaldson. He becomes a father of twins, Nicky and Alex. His real name is Hermes Katsopolis, but as a child, he was mocked. So he asked his parents to change his first name in Jesse. When he became an adult, he learnt to appreciate his real name. Nevertheless, he wants to be called Jesse. He is possessed by his hair. He often talks about it and treat it. In the beginning he had long hair. When Stephanie cut his long hair by mistake, Jesse was complete upset. In contrast to Danny, Jesse often tends to careless decisions and inappropriate behaviour, especially if it's about to be well off with his nieces. He allows the girls many things, which the father wouldn't approve it. In time Jesse shows his adult side. When he gets excitement, he often uses the saying: "Have Mercy". Apart from adoring his hair, Jesse is a big fan of Elvis Presley. He's also a musician and singer of the band "Jesse and the Rippers". Although they have a lot of minor gigs, their success is not remarkable. That's why he has to work for the company of his father as a pest controller on the side. In addition to that, Jesse strives for a career  in the advertising and composes jingles with Joey, which he sells to different companies. In the sixth season it becomes well known that Jesse has no high school diploma. He keeps it secret from his family. When the truth brings to light, he catches up on his final exam. Later, he presents the popular radio show "Rush Hour Renegades" with Joey. He becomes an owner of a nightclub called "The Smash Club" in the seventh season and after that he creates a new band "Hot Daddy" and "The Monkey Puppets".

The first people to speak about evolution were Empedocles and other Greek philosophers in Europe (5th century BCE) andTaoism in Asia. The history of evolutionary thought in Christian theology dates back to Augustine of Hippo (4th century) and Thomas Aquinas (13th century). The modern creation–evolution controversy started in Europe and North America in the late 18th century. Discoveries in geology led to various theories of an ancient earth, and fossils showing past extinctions prompted early ideas of evolution. These ideas were particularly controversial in England, where both the natural world and the hierarchical social order were thought to be fixed by God's will. As the terrors of the French Revolution developed into the Napoleonic Wars, followed by economic depression threatening revolution in Great Britain itself, these ideas were rejected, associated only with radical agitators.
When the economy recovered, things improved. When the book "Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation" was anonymously published in 1844 its ideas of transmutation of species attracted wide public interest. The work was attacked by the scientific establishment and many theologians who believed it to be in conflict with their interpretations of the biblical account of life's, especially humanity's, origin and development. However, radical Quakers, Unitarians and Baptists welcomed the book's ideas of "natural law" as supporting their struggle to overthrow the privileges of the Church of England.

The word "Zionism" was first used in 1890. It comes from Zion, meaning Jerusalem, though it can also symbolically mean the Land of Israel as a whole. Jewish people at the time lived as minority groups among other nations all across the world, in what was called the diaspora. In the early 19th century, assimilation and legal emancipation were popular ideas among Jews in western Europe. However, in the late 19th century anti-Semitism became a bigger threat, with the 1881 Russian pogroms and the Dreyfus affair in France. This caused some Jewish thinkers to lose faith in the idea of ever being accepted in gentile societies. One of these thinkers was Theodor Herzl, who is often considered the father of modern Political Zionism. In his book, "the Jewish State," Herzl writes that the distinct status of Jews neither can, nor should, be changed. Instead he believed that antisemitism could be stopped by making the Jewish people a nation like any other, through giving them their own land. At the time there were multiple territories up for consideration, the most important being Argentina and Palestine. Herzl argues in favor of Palestine, thinking it would attract more people because of its status as the historic homeland of the Jews. Political Zionism was a secular movement and it was out of pragmatic considerations, rather than religious beliefs, that Palestine was chosen. In 1897 Herzl led the First Zionist Congress. There the Basel Program was adopted, espousing political Zionism and a Jewish homeland in the Land of Israel. The World Zionist Organization was created at the congress to support this goal. There were many more congresses after this, and at the fifth Zionist Congress in 1901 the Jewish National Fund was established with the goal of purchasing land in Palestine.

It is set in "third-person" which means the player can see the person (in this case it is CJ) on the screen. He is controlled using the left and right analog sticks on the PlayStation 2 controller. CJ is the character who is used to play with and he can perform different moves. These are shooting, kicking/punching, jumping, crouching, and even swimming. He can attack other people by either using hand-to-hand combat or shooting them. Sometimes, the attacked person may fight back and try to kill the player. He can get into a nearby vehicle or steal one from another person if it is being driven. If the police see CJ doing crimes, however, they will chase him and try to stop him. If CJ gets caught by the police he loses all of his weapons and some money and he will appear at the nearest police station (the same happens when the player dies, except he appears at a hospital instead). If CJ loses his weapons, he can buy weapons from different gun shops (although he must pay for them).
There are many missions to be taken; the game as a whole has a plot, and the missions the player solves make the plot go on and help the player for his/her abilities (which are for example swimming, condition but also driving bicycles without falling from them and better shooting. Respect is also an important 'ability' players can earn, as they need it to go on in the plot of the game and take more missions), and helps the player to earn money, which can be spent on cars, food (to stop the player from getting hungry), weapons, and a lot of other things. Besides missions, however, the player can also do a number of different challenges, which are not needed for the story but can be used just to help CJ earn some extra money. The game takes place in a fictional state called San Andreas, which has three cities: Los Santos (Los Angeles), San Fierro (San Francisco), and Las Venturas (Las Vegas). Between the cities are also countryside, and the desert of Bone County, based on the real life Nevada desert.

On April 27, 1763, Pontiac spoke at a council on the banks of the Ecorse River, in what is now Lincoln Park, Michigan, about 10 miles (15 km) southwest of Detroit. Using the teachings of Neolin, Pontiac convinced a number of Ottawas, Ojibwas, Potawatomis, and Hurons to join him in an attempt to seize Fort Detroit. On May 1, Pontiac visited the fort with 50 Ottawas in order to assess the strength of the garrison. According to a French chronicler, in a second council Pontiac proclaimed:It is important for us, my brothers, that we exterminate from our lands this nation which seeks only to destroy us. You see as well as I that we can no longer supply our needs, as we have done from our brothers, the French... Therefore, my brothers, we must all swear their destruction and wait no longer. Nothing prevents us; they are few in numbers, and we can accomplish it.Hoping to take the stronghold by surprise, on May 7 Pontiac entered Fort Detroit with about 300 men carrying concealed weapons. The British had learned of Pontiac's plan, however, and were armed and ready. As his tactic had not worked, Pontiac withdrew after a brief council. Two days later, he started a siege of the fort. Pontiac and his allies killed all of the British soldiers and settlers they could find outside of the fort, including women and children. One of the soldiers was ritually cannibalized, as was the custom in some Great Lakes Native cultures. The violence was directed at the British; French colonists were generally left alone. Eventually more than 900 soldiers from a half-dozen tribes joined the siege. Meanwhile, on May 28, a British supply from Fort Niagara led by Lieutenant Abraham Cuyler was ambushed and defeated at Point Pelee.

In the first four episodes, the studio audience with voting devices determined the audience for the show shown, which was the TV viewer at home live as a graphic superimposed. This graphic was removed with Issue 5 of December 2, 2017. Each of the 600 people in the studio could switch on or off during the show, as if sitting at home in front of the TV, using their voting device, which acts like a remote control. Over the entire running time of the show could be switched on or off as often as they like. The course of the ratings was therefore close to how good or bad the show arrived at the studio audience. This was only visible to the television viewer at home, not for the studio audience. Until the second instalment of the program, a "cloud of light" consisting of white spheres fixed above the studio and illuminated with lasers was installed in the studio, which visualized the audience rating by their brightness. The more spectators from the studio audience turned on, the brighter the cloud of light became. Since the third edition, these are no longer available. At the end of a show, the average ratings are calculated and announced. The highest rating wins. Should the audience rate drop below 25% during a show, it will enter a "red area" (colored red on the graphic). This is now also audiovisually signaled in the studio (light turns red and the picture on the video wall in the background falls apart). If the ratings stay below 25% for more than one minute, the show must be cancelled and considered "cancelled".

Hasbro initially hired Faust to create a pitch bible for the show, allowing her to get additional help with conceptualization. Faust said she was "extremely skeptical" about taking the job at first because she had always found shows based on girls' toys to be boring and unrelatable. She was disappointed that what she thought of the toys at the time was nothing like the animated shows, in which the characters, according to her, "had endless tea parties, giggled over nothing and defeated villains by either sharing with them or crying". With the chance to work on "My Little Pony", one of her favorite childhood toys, she hoped to prove that "cartoons for girls don't have to be a puddle of smooshy, cutesy-wootsy, goody-two-shoeness". To do this, she incorporated many elements into the show that subverted stereotypes of girls, such as diverse personalities, character flaws and personality disorders, the message that friends can be different and can get into arguments but still be friends, and the idea that girls should not be limited by what others say they can or can not do. Elements of the characters' personalities and the show's settings were based on her own childhood imagination of the ponies' adventures, in part inspired by the animated shows that her brothers would watch while growing up, such as "Transformers" and "". Faust still aimed for the characters to be "relatable" characters, using stereotypical "icons of girliness" to broaden the appeal of the characters for the young female audience.

Marc Mero and Goldust began the match but Goldust soon tagged in Luna Vachon, requiring Sable to be tagged in too. However, Vachon simple ran around the outside of the ring with Sable chasing her and tagged her partner back in. Wanting to get her hands on Vachon, Sable double teamed Goldust with a boot to the face after an Irish whip from Mero but could not get Vachon to enter the ring. An near pinfall came from a running crossbody from Mero and following this the two ran into each other, causing both men to crawl and tag in the women. Sable straddled Vachon and punched her round the face before kicking her in the midsection and face in the turnbuckle and attacking Goldust, then running back to clothesline Vachon over the ropes. Vachon tagged Goldust in but before Sable would do the same, she struck him in the face, then letting Mero take over who had his TKO reversed into a DDT. Mero too would reverse the Curtain Call allowing him the chance to try a moonsault pin to a standing Goldust. After Vachon struck a running Mero with his knee, Mero went to punch her but ducked out of the way as Goldust ran to her rescue, causing him to inadvertently knock her off the apron. Mero then executed the TKO but Luna interrupted the pin count, jumping on Mero's back resulting in Sable tagging in as Mero wandered around the ring with Vachon on his back. Sable tried pinning Goldust but the referee was distracted and as he finally began to count, Sable leapt off Goldust so the interfering Vachon would inadvertently bodysplash Goldust. Sable then performed a powerbomb and Mero's TKO to win the bout.

The defendant appealed his conviction to the Kentucky Supreme Court, which upheld the conviction. That court cited "Swain v. Alabama", and held that a defendant claiming lack of a fair cross section must demonstrate systematic exclusion of a group of jurors from the panel of prospective jurors. That is, the defendant had to show that not just in his case, but as a process, juries in his community did not represent a cross section of that community. Batson continued his appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court, which granted "certiorari" to decide whether petitioner was tried "in violation of constitutional provisions guaranteeing the defendant an impartial jury and a jury composed of persons representing a fair cross section of the community."
In a 7–2 decision authored by Justice Lewis Powell, the Supreme Court ruled in Batson's favor. The court overruled "Swain v. Alabama" by lowering the burden of proof that a defendant must meet to make a "prima facie" case of purposeful discrimination. In "Swain", the Court had recognized that a "State's purposeful or deliberate denial to Negroes on account of race of participation as jurors in the administration of justice violates the Equal Protection Clause", but that the defendant had the burden of proving a systematic striking of black jurors throughout the county, that is, that the peremptory challenge system as a whole was being perverted. In "Batson" the court ruled that the defendant could make a "prima facie" case for purposeful racial discrimination in jury selection by relying on the record only in his own case. The Court explained: 
The Court also held that:

There are some old customs that only a few people or even no one does any more. People still do their "spring cleaning" before the holiday but, in old China, they did not sweep or wash clothes on New Year's Day itself. They were afraid of cleaning away good luck together with the dirt. For the same reason, some people did not wash their hair and were very careful not to break any tools. The 5th or 6th day after New Year, when they cleaned and threw away or burned all the trash, was a day for "sending off" the God of Being Poor, one of the sons of Zhuanxu. Today, it's more common to clean things as they get dirty, like on other days. Few do anything special about the God of the Poor. In the same way, people near Beijing thought that it was unlucky to cook or steam food for the first 5 days of the New Year. They would cook all of their next week of food 2 days before it, so it was ready for the reunion meal. They would add yeast to their dumpling skins the day before that, on the 28th day of the 12th month. The skins would have enough time to be ready but not enough time to go bad. Today, people cook or eat out all through the week. It is easy to buy ready-made skins at supermarkets, keep their homemade skins fresh in fridges, or just buy all their dumplings from nearby shops and there is nothing special about the 28th day. On People's Day, the 7th day of the holiday, people used to wear special headbands and thought good weather meant good luck for everyone in the coming year. Everyone used it to count their age, even when it was not their birthday. None of that is common any more.

After the American Civil War, Alcott wrote fun and smart books under the name A. M. Barnard. One of her books was "A Long Fatal Love Chase". Her protagonists for these books were strong and smart. She also wrote books for children, and when they became popular, she did not go back to writing for adults. Other books she wrote are the novelette A Modern Mephistopheles (1875), which people thought someone else wrote; and the "Work" (1873).
Alcott became very famous with her book "Little Women: or Meg, Jo, Beth and Amy" (1868), a story of her childhood with her sisters in Massachusetts. Part two, or "Part Second", also known as "Good Wives" (1869), followed the characters into adulthood and marriage. "Little Men" (1871) talked about Jo's life at the Plumfield School that she started with her husband Professor Bhaer at the end of Part Two of "Little Women". "Jo's Boys" (1886) completed the "March Family Saga". In "Little Women", Alcott based her character "Jo" on herself. But Jo marries at the end of the story, and Alcott never got married. She said, "I am more than half-persuaded that I am a man's soul put by some freak of nature into a woman's body ... because I have fallen in love with so many pretty girls and never once the least bit with any man." Every character in "Little Women" is like a person in Alcott's own life. 
"Little Women" was liked by a lot of people of different ages. A reviewer of "Eclectic Magazine" called it "the very best of books to reach the hearts of the young of any age from six to sixty". People also liked the book because it was like their own lives.

He made his national debut on 1 February 1937, during the final of the 1937 Campeonato Sudamericano de Football between Argentina and rivals Brazil. On 30 January, the tournament was supposed to end, but as the two national teams were tied in first place, a play-off had to be played: the venue was the Estadio Gasómetro. The game remained deadlocked in both regular halves; de la Mata came on in the 84th minute, replacing Francisco Varallo. This substitution proved decisive, when, in the 109th minute, the Independiente player scored, repeating the feat three minutes later, thus sealing the 2-0 win and the victory of the trophy by his team. Following this, he was named the best player of the event. In 1945 de la Mata was again called up to the national team to play in the South American Championship, which was held in Santiago, Chile. He took the field for the first time against Bolivia, starting as a midfielder: he scored the final goal in the 4th minute, and was replaced by Farro six minutes later. The next match was against Ecuador, and once again de la Mata started from the start, scoring to make it 2–0 in the 2nd minute: he then left the field in favor of Méndez. On the 5th February against Colombia he was rested, as well as against Chile four days later; he was used again against Brazil, as a substitute for Méndez, whom he brought on in the 8th minute. The last match against Uruguay did not see him on the field, but the victory of the Argentine national team still allowed him to win the second consecutive trophy. In 1946 he was chosen to join the team for South American Buenos Aires. He made his debut with the opening goal of the competition, in the 19th minute of Argentina-Paraguay; once again, there was the dualism with Méndez, who replaced him in the 9th. He was ruled out of Argentina-Bolivia on 6 January and the match against Chile on 9 January: he returned to action on 19 February against Uruguay. On 2 February, he was selected as a starter for the match against Brazil, but was sent off, along with the green-and-gold striker Chico, in the 9th minute: this sanction also caused the suspension of the match, which was resumed 10 minutes later.

•Mirza Muhammad Siraj-ud-Daulah was born in Murshidabad,Bengal on 1733 to Zain-Ud-Din-Ahmed-Khan(Father), and Amina Begum(Mother) to a Sunni Muslim family.
•His father was the Diwan of Bihar under the Nawab of Bengal Alivardi Khan.
•His mother was the youngest daughter of Nawab of Bengal Alivardi Khan(Father), and Sharf-Un-Nissa Begum(Mother).
•He was very brave since His childhood, and educationally strong, and intelligent too. He was the scholar of 9 languages, and was really good at Maths, and Science. Because Alivardi Khan wanted him to do so. He studied with his two childhood friend Mir Madan, and Mohanlal.
•His first war in his whole life was at The age of 9 years with Alivardi Khan at the age of 71 years with just 2,500 soldiers against the army of Raghoji Bhonsle, and Bhaskar Pandit with 20,000 soldiers.
•He has killed an Asian Lion without any weapons at age of just 13 years.
•During The Third Battle of Katwa, he defeated 32,000 soldiers of Sikh with just 5,000 specialised cavalry soldiers.
•During the First Battle of Siliguri He, and Alivardi Khan together with just 45,000 soldiers attacked, and defeated the 92,850 soldiers of Durrani Empire under Emperor Jahan-Bakht-Khan.
•During The Second Battle of Haldigram Commander Manikchand of Banga Jala Bahini (Bengal Navy) under Siraj with 45 vessels attacked, and defeated The East India Company Navy with 52 vessels, because of the technological advancement of the Bengal Navy.
•During The siege of Calcutta Siraj, and Mohanlal took just 50 soldiers, attacked, and defeated the 4,000 soldiers of East India Company in Fort William, Calcutta.

Letsch never played professional football. He started his coaching career at VfB Oberesslingen/Zell as playing coach. In July 2001 he became manager of Stuttgarter Kickers's second team until 2002, but was also a part of the first team staff until the end of the 2002–03 season. Then he moved to FC Union Heilbronn and was the manager for one season. From January 2005 until July 2007, he was the assistant manager of SSV Ulm 1846. From January 2008 to June 2009, he was the manager of SG Sonnenhof Großaspach.
In July 2012 he went to Salzburg and managed the under-16 team of FC Red Bull Salzburg. September 2012 he was also appointed as football director of academy. In the following season, he was promoted to first team assistant manager. In July 2014 he became manager of the under-18 squad. In the time with the under-18s he was also the assistant coach for FC Red Bull Salzburg. In December 2015 after Peter Zeidler was sacked, he was for two matches head coach of Salzburg. In the 2015–16 season he also managed the team of FC Red Bull Salzburg in the UEFA Youth League. In June 2015 he became manager of FC Liefering in the Second League.
On 18 June 2017 Erzgebirge Aue named Letsch as their new manager on a three-year contract. After three games Aue sacked Letsch due to poor form and results.
On 27 February 2018 he became manager Austria Wien in the Austrian Bundesliga. He was sacked on 11 March 2019.
On 26 May 2020 he became the new manager of Vitesse Arnhem. The club went on to secure fourth place in the Eredivisie and reched the final of the Dutch Cup (which was lost 2–1 to AFC Ajax). They were qualified for the UEFA Europa Conference League.
In September 2022, he left Arnhem and moved to VfL Bochum. He took over the team after the seventh matchday when they were in last place in the table with one point He led them to direct relegation with a 3-0 win against Bayer Leverkusen on the last matchday.

Ohio State's main urban campus is in Columbus. It has a size of 1755 acres, and it is about north of the city's downtown. Four buildings are currently listed on the National Register of Historic Places: Enarson Hall, Hayes Hall, Ohio Stadium, and Orton Hall. Architecture on the Ohio State campus is a mix of traditional, modern, and post-modern styles.
The William Oxley Thompson Memorial Library is located at the west end of The Oval. It is the Ohio State library's main branch, and it is the largest of the school's branches. The school's library system has twenty-one libraries on its Columbus campus. There are eight other branches in other locations, and the system has fifty-five branches and collections in all.
The Wexner Center for the Arts is at the east end of The Oval. It was designed by the architects Peter Eisenman of New York and Richard Trott of Columbus, and it opened in 1989. The center was built mostly from a twenty-five million dollar gift from Ohio State graduate Leslie Wexner. Part of its design was to honor to the armory (military storage location) that was replaced with the Wexner Center. Its deconstructivist architecture makes known as one of the most important buildings of its generation, but the design makes it less than ideal to show many of the art displays. The main, permanent work kept in the center is Picasso's "Nude on a Black Armchair", a forty-five million dollar painting that Wexner gave to Ohio State.
Ohio Union is on the east side of The Oval, and at the south side is another, smaller grassy area known as The South Oval. The west side is contains Browning Amphitheatre and Mirror Lake.
The Ohio State College of Medicine is on the southern edge of the central campus. It is home to the James Cancer Hospital, where cancer is studied. It is one of the National Cancer Institute's forty-one NCI-designated Cancer Centers.

Besides Jesselton, there has been a number of other claims as to the original name for Kota Kinabalu. The most popular, as mentioned above, is "Api-Api", or sometimes simply "Api", which is a Malay word meaning 'Fire'. It was apparently named as such by the mainly Bajau locals to denote the blazing of the British administrative office in Pulau Gaya instigated by Mat Salleh, as well as other blazing incidents normally perpetrated by pirates. There were claims however that it was actually named after a nearby river called "Sungai Api-Api". Another theory states that "Api-Api" is the local name of the common "Avicennia" tree that grows in abundance around the area. Transliterated into the formal Chinese name of "Ya Bi" (亚庇 yà bì), the Hakkas here too adopted this name (亚庇,"ah-bi" which pronounced in Hakka, Chinese dialects) and some still use this name to this day. Besides Api-Api, another suggested historical name was "Deasoka", which roughly means "below the coconut tree" in the Bajau language. The Bajau locals purportedly used this name to refer to a village on the southern part of the city which was filled with coconut trees. Another name was "Singgah Mata" which literally mean "transit eye", but can be loosely translated as meaning "pleasing to the eye". It is a name purportedly given by fishermen from Pulau Gaya referring to the strip of land of what is today Kota Kinabalu city center. Today, all these names have been immortalised into names of streets or buildings around the city. Some examples are: "Lintasan Deasoka", "Api-Api Centre", "Jalan Singgah Mata", and "Jesselton Point".

Montgomery was very popular with the men of the Eighth Army, and when he took command Army's fighting spirit and abilities got better. Taking command on 13 August 1942, he immediately became a whirlwind of activity. He ordered the creation of the X Corps, which contained all armoured divisions to fight alongside his XXX Corps which was all infantry divisions. This was in no way similar to a German Panzer Corps. One of Rommel's Panzer Corps combined infantry, armour and artillery units under one division commander. The only common commander for Montgomery's all infantry and all armour corps was the Eighth Army Commander himself. Correlli Barnett said that Montgomery's solution "...was in every way opposite to Auchinleck's and in every way wrong, for it carried the existing dangerous separatism still further." Montgomery spent two months making the long front line at El Alamein stronger. He asked Alexander to send him two new British divisions (51st Highland and 44th) that were then arriving in Egypt and were scheduled to be deployed in defence of the Nile Delta. He moved his field HQ to Burg al Arab, close to the Air Force command post in order better to coordinate combined operations. Montgomery wanted the Army, Navy and Air Force to fight together from the same detailed plan. He ordered immediate reinforcement of the vital heights of Alam Halfa, just behind his own lines, expecting the German commander, Erwin Rommel, to attack with there, something that Rommel soon did. Montgomery ordered all plans for retreat be destroyed. "I have cancelled the plan for withdrawal", he told his officers at the first meeting he held with them in the desert. "If we are attacked, then there will be no retreat. If we cannot stay here alive, then we will stay here dead."

Radagast the Brown is a character in the book "The Lord of the Rings". In the Third Age Radagast came to Middle-earth as one of the Istari. Radagast is also known as Aiwendil, Bird-Friend, Tender of Beasts, "the Birdtamer", "the Simple", and "the Fool". Radagast was a dweller in Rhosgobel with his animal friends. But, by the time of the War of the Ring, he was not a Rhosgobel dweller anymore. Later on Midsummer's Day, Radagast was sitting on the side of the Greenway with his horse near Bree when Gandalf found him on his way to the village. Radagast warned Gandalf that the Nazgûl were abroad, disguised as riders in black, and that they were seeking news of the Shire. He also gave him Saruman's invitation and agreed to help Gandalf by getting beasts and birds to send news to Orthanc. With that he rode away back towards Mirkwood. By sending Gandalf to Orthanc, Radagast unwittingly had him captured. Saruman's message proved to be a trap for Gandalf who was imprisoned in Orthanc, but still he did not believe that Radagast was also a part of Saruman's plans. Indeed, it was thanks to Radagast that Gandalf was able to escape from the pinnacle of Orthanc upon the wings of Gwaihir. Radagast's actions during and after the rest of the War are not recorded. After the Council of Elrond, many scouts were sent out from Rivendell to many different locations. Some passed over the Misty Mountains and eventually came to Rhosgobel, but they found that Radagast was not there.[6] His fate after the War of the Ring is not known.

One of the problems of this period was slavery. By 1861, over three million African-Americans were enslaved in the South. This means that they worked for other people, but had no freedom and received no money for their work. Most worked picking cotton on large plantations. Cotton became the main crop in the South after Eli Whitney invented the cotton gin in 1793. There were a few slave rebellions against slavery, including one led by Nat Turner. All of these rebellions failed. The South wanted to keep slavery, but by the time of the Civil War, many people in the North wanted to end it. Another argument between the North and South was about the role of government. The South wanted stronger state governments, but the North wanted a stronger central government.
After the War of 1812 the Federalist Party faded away, leaving an "Era of Good Feelings" in which only one party was important, under Presidents James Madison and James Monroe. Under Monroe, the United States' policy in North America was the Monroe Doctrine, which suggested that Europe should stop trying to control the United States and other independent countries in the Americas. Around this time, Congress called for something called the "American System". The American System meant spending money on banking, transportation and communication. Due to the American System, bigger cities and more factories were built. One of the big transportation projects of this time was the Erie Canal, a canal in the state of New York. By the 1840s, railroads were built as well as canals. By 1860, thousands of miles of railroads and telegraph lines had been built in the United States, mostly in the Northeast and Midwest.

Elizabeth Bathory (1560–1614) was a countess who lived in Transylvania, then a part of the Kingdom of Hungary. She was from a very important family that included kings, cardinals, knights, and judges. Her family ruled Transylvania as an independent region within the Hungarian kingdom. She was well-educated, beautiful and wealthy. She was also virtually untouchable as a member of the Bathory family. 
She may have been a vicious female serial killer. It is impossible to know what part of her story is fact and what part is fiction. Her gruesome legend has become a part of folklore. She is the central character in a number of books, plays and movies. As the "blood countess", she has often been compared to another fictional character, Count Dracula. Some scholars now that Báthory was not a murderer but instead may have been the victim of a political betrayal.
According to her legend, she was supposed to have tortured and killed over 650 servant girls. It also claimed she bathed in human blood. That, after hearing of all the deaths and tortures going on in her castle, the countess and her servants were put on trial. Her servants were said to have been executed. Báthory herself was walled up in a room in her own castle. There were only slits for air and food. She was found dead three and a half years later. After her death, the story of the evil countess began.
In 2008 a movie was made about her called "Bathory" starring Anna Friel. The movie suggested she did not spend her time bathing in blood. It was a rumor spread by those who were after her wealth.

The battle for self-determination and maintaining their own identity for the indigenous people of Western Sahara still occurred after the Green March, and for the decolonization of the Western Sahara, this has urgent consequences. The Sahrawi population has been living under Moroccan occupation, where the government have tried to resettle Moroccan people towards the Western Sahara in order to limit the Sahrawi influence. Moreover, their human rights have been abused. Article 1 of UN specifies that people have the right to self-determination to freely control their own political status and economic and cultural development. This is particularly significant to develop friendly relations among nations. UN had therefore a responsibility to take action towards this situation. At the end of 1980s, the UN saw a possibility to seek a peaceful resolution in the Western Sahara, and made a Settlement Plan between the two parties of Morocco and Frente Polisario. The plan entailed that the Sahrawi people could choose between independence or integration into Morocco, and therefore a pathway to self-determination. This would happen through a free and fail referendum. However, in the step of doing the referendum, Morocco wanted that their own citizens to be able to vote as well. That did not go though and as a consequence, Morocco made their citizens lodge against the UN voter list which damaged the referendum and weakened the hope for self-determination for the Sahrawi population. In 2003 the UN proposed a new peace plan for self-determination which the Polisario accepted, while Morocco in 2004 rejected the plan and would not accept independence of Western Sahara.

As in the fresco of Sir John Hawkwood, Uccello does not use many colours. The pictures are painted in white, pale grey, blue grey and just a little black. The landscape is grey, the water is blue-grey, the people are white with grey shadows. But the paintings are made lively by all the bits of red. All the man-made things, like the Ark, the old doors, barrels, up-side-down tables and broken things that are floating on the flood water, are all painted in the same red colour. Some of the people are wearing big black and white hats that were popular in Florence. In the disaster of the flood, one man is floating in a barrel. Another man, seeing an old man standing on a little hill, has grabbed him round the ankles to pull himself up. Another man, with part of his great big fashionable hat slipped down around his neck, is thumping on the wall of the ark with a club. The wind is blowing, the rain is pouring down and twigs and branches are flying in the wind. It is a scene of terror.
One of the richest men in Florence was Cosimo Medici who liked to spend money on works of art. He asked Uccello to paint three large paintings on panels, each about 3 metres long, to decorate his palace. The subject was to be Three scenes from "the Battle of San Romano" in which the Florentine troops defeated the neighbouring town of Siena. In fact, it was not a very fierce battle. Modern soccer matches between Florence and Siena are probably more bloody. But it made three very good pictures which were later divided up between three important art galleries. The National Gallery, London has the left-hand scene of Niccolo Tolentino leading his troops on his magnificent rearing white charger and wearing, of course, a great big Florentine hat of red and gold "brocade". The Uffizi Gallery in Florence has the middle scene in which the leader of the enemy forces, Bernadino della Ciarda, has been struck by a lance and is falling off his horse backwards. The right-hand scene, which is in the Louvre in Paris, shows the brave Michelotto di Cotignola swinging his horse around to attack an opponent with his sword.

There are five basic barcode readers -- pen wands, slot scanners, Charge-Couple Device ( CCD ) scanners, image scanners, and laser scanners. A pen wand is the simplest barcode reader. It contains no moving parts and is known for its durability and low cost. A pen wand can present a challenge to the user, however, because it has to remain in direct contact with the bar code, must be held at a certain angle, and has to be moved over the bar code at a certain speed. A slot scanner remains stationary and the item with the bar code on it is pulled by hand through the slot. Slot scanners are typically used to scan bar codes on identification cards. A CCD scanner has a better read range than the pen wand and is often used in retail sales. Typically, a CCD scanner has a "gun" type interface and has to be held no more than one inch from the bar code. Each time the bar code is scanned, several readings are taken to reduce the possibility of errors. A disadvantage of the CCD scanner is that it cannot read a bar code that is wider than its input face. An image scanner, also called a camera reader, uses a small video camera to capture an image of the bar code and then uses sophisticated digital image processing techniques to decode the bar code. It can read a bar code from about 3 to 9 inches away and generally costs less than a laser scanner. A laser scanner, either hand-held or stationary, does not have to be close to the bar code in order to do its job. It uses a system of mirrors and lenses to allow the scanner to read the bar code regardless of orientation, and can easily read a bar code up to 24 inches away. To reduce errors, laser scanning may perform up to 500 scans per second. Specialized long-range laser scanners are capable of reading a bar code up to 30 feet away.

Batman & Robin is a 1997 American action-adventure movie directed by Joel Schumacher. It is based on the comic book character created by Bob Kane. It stars George Clooney as Batman, Chris O'Donnell as Robin, Alicia Silverstone as Batgirl, Arnold Schwarzenegger as Mr. Freeze, and Uma Thurman as Poison Ivy. The movie is about Batman and Robin trying to prevent Mr. Freeze, Poison Ivy, and Bane from covering Gotham City with ice and vegetation while at the same time struggling to keep their partnership together. It grossed over $230 million in the box office. It got mixed reviews from the critics. It was criticized for its gay innuendo.
Dr Pamela Isley was a scientist working in South America until her superior Dr Jason Goodhue tried to kill when she found out he was trying to use her experiments to make a super race of thugs {BAne] Instead of being killed she was trasformed into a half Human-half plant mutant calling her self "Poison Ivy". She embarks on a crime wave until she is imprisoned at Gotham Arkham Asylum, where she meets "Mr Freeze" a former physician who in trying to cure his cryogenically frozen thermally ill wife was accidently submerged into a freezing solution in which he can only exist in subzero temperatures. They Both escape from the asylum Freeze to turn the entire world into a ice planet...while "Poison Ivy" tries to make plant life supreme species. Ivy tries to kill Mrs Fries and then Robin but fails both times and is captured by Batgirl; Mr Freeze finds that his wife is still alive and gives Batman a cure Alfred the Butler who has been stricken with a deadly illness. Back at Arkham Asylum the nearly totally insane Poison IVy is imprisoned in a permanent Freeze beam; her roommate Mr Freeze tells her that he is going to make her life "A living hell" of permanent Winter in revenge for what she did to his wife,

Taft was appointed as Hamilton County's assistant prosecutor in October 1880. When president Chester Arthur appointed Taft as a Collector of Internal Revenue for Ohio's first district in 1882, Taft resigned. He resigned from his Internal Revenue Collector job in 1883. In 1884, Taft campaigned for James Blaine in the 1884 election. In 1887, Taft was suddenly hired to fulfill a vacancy for a position in Cincinnatti's Superior Court, and in 1888 won his first ever public election to serve for another five years. Sometime in 1880 or before, Taft met Helen Herron, who would later be his first lady. She agreed to marry Taft in 1885 after regularly meeting him the year prior. They officially got married on June 19, 1886. They would have three children, with Robert Taft later becoming a notable U.S. Senator. In 1889, a vacancy in the Supreme Court needed to be filled by president Benjamin Harrison. Joseph Foraker, a governor of Ohio, had requested that Harrison nominate Taft for the position. Though the Supreme Court was Taft's goal, Harrison ended up nominating Taft as the Solicitor General instead. Since the position was vacant, a lot of work needed to be done. He started in February 1890. Even though Taft was good at his job, he gladly resigned in March 1892 to be a judge on the sixth circuit of the United States Courts of Appeal. Unlike his previous judge job, this job was a position of his for life unless he resigned or was impeached. Taft, during this period, felt great with his life and his job. Taft was a man who supported employees over employers, as seen by his many Worker's Rights cases. He was more liberal than people had thought. Taft became a professor at Cincinnati Law School in 1896 and was committed to it. Also in 1896, William McKinley sought the presidency. Taft was not fond of McKinley and disagreed with things like Free Silver. In 1898, one year into McKinley's presidency, Taft was upset because McKinley named a different person than Taft to be a Supreme Court Judge.

In 672 the Picts revolted and threw out the king that the Northumbrians had placed on the throne there. Ecgfrith sent his army into Pictland (Scotland) to punish them. He defeated the Picts and appointed his ealdorman Beornheth to rule over them. In 674 Wulfhere of Mercia and his allies attacked Northumbria. Wulfhere was trying to reclaim Lindsey. But Ecgfrith defeated Wulfhere and made him pay tribute. Wulfhere was succeeded as king of Mercia by his brother Aethelred in 675. Ecgfrith arranged for his sister Osthryth to marry Aethelred. But in 679 Aethelred defeated Ecgfrith in battle at the River Trent. To prevent a blood feud between the two royal families, Theodore, the Archbishop of Canterbury stepped in to prevent further bloodshed. He secured a truce between Northumbria and Mercia that lasted for 50 years. Ecgfrith next turned his attention to the Britons of Rheged. He drove them out of northern England and into Ireland. There they became mercenaries for the Irish kings and also began raiding the English coast. In 684 Ecgfrith led his armies against the kingdom of Brega, north of present day Dublin in Ireland. He won a victory and returned to Northumbria. At this point he may have become too confident. In 685 Ecgfrith again attacked the Picts but this time he was defeated and killed. On 20 May 685 his forces were drawn into an ambush at Nechtansmere near Forfar in Scotland. Ecgfrith and his second wife Eormenburg had no children. Ecgfrith was succeeded by his half-brother Aldfrith. Queen Eormenburg retired to Carlisle abby.

The necessary and proper clause has been interpreted extremely broadly, thereby giving Congress wide latitude in legislation. The first landmark case involving the clause was "McCulloch v. Maryland" (1819), which involved the establishment of a national bank. Alexander Hamilton, in advocating the creation of the bank, argued that there was "a more or less direct" relationship between the bank and "the powers of collecting taxes, borrowing money, regulating trade between the states, and raising and maintaining fleets and navies". Thomas Jefferson countered that Congress's powers "can all be carried into execution without a national bank. A bank therefore is not necessary, and consequently not authorized by this phrase". Chief Justice John Marshall agreed with the former interpretation. Marshall wrote that a Constitution listing "all" of Congress's powers "would partake of a prolixity of a legal code and could scarcely be embraced by the human mind". Since the Constitution could not possibly enumerate the "minor ingredients" of the powers of Congress, Marshall "deduced" that Congress had the authority to establish a bank from the "great outlines" of the general welfare, commerce and other clauses. Under this doctrine of the necessary and proper clause, Congress has sweepingly broad powers (known as implied powers) not explicitly enumerated in the Constitution. However, the Congress cannot enact laws solely on the implied powers, any action must be necessary and proper in the execution of the enumerated powers.

Georg Forster was born in Nassenhuben on 27 November 1754. Nassenhuben is a village near Danzig which is now Mokry Dwór, Poland. Georg was the oldest of seven surviving children of Johann Reinhold Forster, a Reformed Protestant pastor and scholar, and his wife Justina Elisabeth, . When George was young, Georg liked the study of nature. When his father learned natural history from the books of Carl Linnaeus, he taught his son biology. He also taught George Latin, French and religion. In 1765, Reinhold got a commission(a written instruction) by the Russian government to inspect colonies that were near Saratov on the Volga River. They were mostly settled by German colonists. Ten-year old Georg went his father on this journey. The journey was long. It led to the Kalmyk Steppe and Lake Elton where they got collected hundreds of samples plants. George helped his father with naming and identification.
On October 1765, George Forster went to Saint Peter's School in St Petersburg. While Forster was in school, his father made reports about the colony. His report was very critical of the voivode(the military leader) of Saratov. He also thought the conditions of the colony were bad. Because of this, the Forsters left Russia without payment because they were angry at Grigory Orlov. The Forsters went on a journey from Kronstadt to London. On the journey, Georg learned English and practiced Russian. They got to London on 4 October 1766. Georg was 12 when they got to London. Georg translated Lomonosov's history of Russia into English. He also added on to the book to include recent events. The book was printed and was presented to the Society of Antiquaries on 21 May 1767. In June 1767, father moved to Warrington to became a teacher at Warrington Academy. He succeeded Joseph Priestley. This left Georg behind in London. He became an apprentice there with a merchant. He was an apprentice until the rest of the family got to England in September 1767. He moved to Warrington. In Warrington, Georg learned classics and religion from John Aikin. He learned mathematics from John Holt. He learned French and natural history from his father.

In Lynn County, trouble between free-state and pro-slavery settlers began in about 1856. This was when a large group of pro-slavery Southerners came through the area destroying property and capturing free-state settlers. One of those who escaped the Southerners was James Montgomery. He became the leader of the free-state settlers in the area called Jayhawkers. Various encounters between the two groups went on until 1857 when James H, Lane assembled a company of free-state men to harass the pro-slavery forces in Kansas and Western Missouri. When Lane's company disbanded, James Montgomery took over. He ordered the pro-slavery leaders out of the county. Many did leave and returned to Missouri. Charles A. Hamilton was one who left Kansas, but with bitter feelings. Hamilton called a meeting together at Papinville, Missouri to get men for an invasion of Kansas. It was decided they would eliminate the free-state settlers living in Lynn County.
Hamilton's group of exiles plus about 17 Missourians rode back into Kansas. They stopped at the village store and with guns drawn they disarmed the customers and tied their hands. Hamilton took a list from his pocket and read out the names. One by one the men on the list were taken from their cabins or fields. The village blacksmith had resisted the ruffians with a shotgun and was not taken. The eleven they did capture were led to a gulch that drained into the Marais des Cygnes River. They were lined up in the gulch as if before a firing squad. One Missourian lowered his gun saying he would "have nothing to do with such a piece of business as this". Hamilton then gave the order to fire. The eleven men fell to the ground. Then Hamilton dismounted and turned the bodies over with his boot. Any he found alive he shot in the head with his pistol. Five of the men were killed and five were seriously wounded. One escaped unharmed by pretending to be dead. Other Missourians went through the pockets of the men presumed to all be dead. Finally, they all rode out in different directions so as to make it harder to trail them.

The book begins with a meeting of many leaders. They make plans to stop the evil Arawn from taking over Prydain. The leaders decide to steal the Black Cauldron, a powerful tool, from Arawn. Prince Gwydion, the war lord of Prydain, leads a band of people into Annuvin, Arawn's country. When there, they learn that the cauldron has already been stolen. The Fair Folk (fairies) tell the group that the witches of Morva stole the cauldron. Prince Ellidyr, a poor youngest son, sneaks away from the group so that he can steal the cauldron for himself. The rest of the group follows to save him from Arawn's soldiers, but are attacked themselves. In the battle, Fflewddur Fflam and Doli are separated from the group. Also, Adaon, son of the chief bard, is wounded very badly. Before he dies, he passes on a brooch to Taran. The brooch has magical powers and Taran uses it to find Fflewddur and Doli. They continue to Morva, where Taran trades the brooch for the cauldron. The group then tries to smash it, but the witches tell them it can only be destroyed when a living person dies in it willingly. On the way back, Ellidyr attacks the group and steals the cauldron. The group is later found by King Morgant and his men, who have captured Ellidyr and beaten him. Morgant plans to use the cauldron to rule Prydain. Morgant ties up the entire group and offers to free them if Taran will join his service. While they are talking, Doli turns invisible and frees the whole group. During the fight that follows, Ellidyr throws himself into the cauldron, destroying it. King Smoit then comes and attacks Morgant, killing him. The group is rescued.

She returned to television on January 16, 2007 and cut a promo announcing she was newly single and bringing back "Kelly's Exposé". The following week, she joined forces with Layla and Brooke to form Extreme Exposé. The trio performed a weekly dance segment on "ECW" for the next several months, as a successor to Kelly's Exposé segment. In June 2007, The Miz was moved to the brand, prompting a storyline in which all three members of Extreme Exposé were attracted to him. When Kelly shifted her attentions towards Balls Mahoney, Layla, Brooke, and The Miz openly mocked her, and The Miz later prevented her from going on a date with Mahoney, stating that he owned her contract and would fire her if she did so. On November 1, Brooke was released from her WWE contract, and Extreme Exposé dissolved as a group, leaving Kelly and Layla to enter an ongoing rivalry with more active wrestling roles. On the October 29 episode of "Raw", Kelly won a battle royal to earn a match against the WWE Women's Champion, Beth Phoenix. After the match however, Kelly was attacked by Phoenix and lost the subsequent match between the two the following week on "Raw". Kelly continued to feud with Layla, and they were on opposite sides of a 10-Diva tag team match at Survivor Series, which Kelly's team won. In December, Layla formed an alliance with Victoria, which expanded to include Lena Yada in January 2008, and Kelly continued to feud with the trio. At WrestleMania XXIV, Kelly was a 'lumberjill' for the Divas' tag team lumberjill match. The following month, Kelly was part of the losing team in a five-on-five Divas match at the Backlash pay-per-view. Kelly Kelly was released from her WWE contract on September 28, 2012.

Continuing their attacks, the Union Army under Grant began their third offensive against Richmond-Petersburg. General Winfield Scott Hancock's II Corps and two divisions of General Philip Sheridans cavalry crossed the James River at the "Deep Bottom" oxbow. They crossed at night to threaten Richmond. The plan called for the infantry to push the Confederates to the west. Then the cavalry could attack the railroad that connected Lee to the Confederate army under General Jubal Early still in the Shenendoah Valley. Sheridan's cavalry was then to attack Richmond if possible. But after breaking through the Confederate line, the Union offensive stalled. The Union cavalry was counterattacked by Richard H. Anderson's Confederate infantry. But the counterattack was defeated by the dismounted cavalry with their Spencer repeating carbines. But late on July 28, Hancock and Sherman withdrew back to Deep Bottom. The next night, July 29/30, they crossed the James River back to their own lines. They left a garrison to guard the crossing at Deep Bottom. Both sides could claim a victory. The Union forces defeated the Confederate infantry at Darby farm. But the withdrawal afterwards allowed the Confederates a victory. It was a Union victory strategically because their attack on the Virginia Peninsula caused Lee to move five and a half divisions north of James River. This weakened Petersburg leaving only four Confederate divisions to fight there. While Hancock and Sheridan were diverting Lee's attention, a mining operation was going on at Petersburg. A long tunnel was being dug by a regiment of Pennsylvania coal miners. It was dug right up to a Confederate strongpoint.

The Justice Party, officially the South Indian Liberal Federation, was a political party in the Madras Presidency of British India. It was established in 1917 by T. M. Nair and P. Theagaraya Chetty as a result of a series of non-Brahmin conferences and meetings in the presidency. Communal division between Brahmins and non-Brahmins began in the presidency during the late-19th and early-20th century, mainly due to caste prejudices and too much Brahminical representation in government jobs.
In 1920, it won the first direct elections in the presidency and formed the government. For the next seventeen years, it formed four out of the five ministries and was in power for thirteen years. It was the main political alternative to the nationalist Indian National Congress in Madras. After it lost to the Congress in the 1937 election, it never recovered. It came under the leadership of Periyar E. V. Ramaswamy and his Self-Respect Movement. In 1944, Periyar transformed the Justice Party into the social organisation Dravidar Kazhagam and withdrew it from electoral politics. A rebel faction that called itself the original Justice Party, contested one final election, in 1952.
The Justice Party was isolated in Indian politics by its many controversial activities. It opposed Brahmins in civil service and politics, and this anti-Brahmin attitude shaped many of its ideas and policies. It opposed Annie Besant and her Home rule movement, because it believed home rule would benefit the Brahmins. The party campaigned against the non-cooperation movement in the presidency. It disagreed with M. K. Gandhi, primarily due to his praise for Brahminism. Its mistrust of the Brahmin–dominated Congress led it to be hostile toward the Indian independence movement. Although it professed to represent all non-Brahmins, the Justice Party eventually lost the support of Muslims and Untouchables, who accused it of serving the interests of only a few castes like Vellalars (Mudaliars, Pillais), Balija Naidus, Beri Chettis, Kapus and Kammas.

The Tag Team Championship match began with Billy Gunn facing Chainsaw Charlie and Road Dogg exchanging blows with Cactus Jack. Trying a Cactus Elbow on Road Dogg, Cactus missed and slammed himself into the dumpster. The Outlaws then focused on Charlie, using a back toss to drop him into the dumpster and as he attempted to climb out they simultaneously slammed the lid shut on the hardcore legends' heads. With Cactus and Charlie both in the dumpster, the Outlaws shut the lid down on them but Cactus managed to get back up while the Outlaws were celebrating and pushed Road Dogg down to the ground with a mandible claw, pulling him into the dumpster. Both teams took time to recover and began to brawl with weapons in the ring, Cactus Jack pulling out a ladder and climbing it opposite Billy Gunn, only to be pushed off straight into the dumpster outside the ring by a falling Chainsaw Charlie. Road Dogg pulled his partner out and the two focused their efforts on Charlie, powerbombing him into the dumpster, however Cactus had managed to escape in the meantime. The fight found its way to the backstage area, with both Outlaws throwing Cactus into boxes and promotional toys but Jack replied with a chair shot to both of them and pulled Billy Gunn onto a wooden crate with a double-arm DDT. Charlie reappeared on a forklift and elevated the wooden crate as Jack dragged Road Dogg onto it too. Charlie then drove the forklift above a backstage dumpster and dropped both opponents inside as Cactus Jack closed the lid to win the World Tag Team Championship.

The majority of the electricity in Luxembourg comes from Germany via two double high-voltage 220,000 volt (220 kV) lines connected to the German network. Interconnection with Belgium has become operational with a phase shifting transformer at the Schifflange Centre in October 2017. Around 15% of the energy is produced locally (biogas, cogeneration, wind turbines, hydroelectricity and photovoltaics). 
The electricity is send to the six stations (Flebour, Roost, Itzig/Blooren, Heisdorf, Bertange and Schifflange) where the voltage is reduced from 220 to 65 kV. It is given to industries and large municipal distribution networks. The voltage is then reduced from 65 kV to 20 kV in more than 60 transformer stations in the whole country. The electric energy obtained is distributed to SMEs, towns and villages where the transformers reduce the current voltage to 0.4 kV before distributing it to the final consumer. A control centre, known as Electricity Dispatching, controls and manages these high and medium-voltage networks.
The total length of the Luxembourg electricity network managed by Creos is 10,123 kilometres, including 593 kilometres of high-voltage lines, 3,702 kilometres of medium-tension lines and 5,828 kilometres of low tension lines.
Thanks to its connections with Germany, Belgium and France, Luxembourg is linked to the interconnected gas networks throughout Europe. Monitored by Dispatching Gas, the high and medium-pressure pipelines distribute the gas to 60 communes that are connected to the national gas network. Pressure-reducing stations that supply the local networks then reduce the gas pressure. Creos distributes natural gas in 45 communes.

Homosexual acts and adultery are criminal and punishable by life imprisonment or death after multiple offenses, and the same sentences apply to convictions for treason and apostasy. Iran is one of seven countries in the world that apply the death penalty for homosexual acts; all of them justify this punishment with Islamic law. The Judiciary does not recognize the concept of sexual orientation, and thus from a legal standpoint there are no homosexuals or bisexuals, only heterosexuals committing homosexual acts. For some years after the Iranian Revolution, transgender people were classified by the Judiciary as being homosexual and were thus subject to the same laws. However, in the mid-1980s the Judiciary began changing this policy and classifying transgender individuals as a distinct group, separate from homosexuals, granting them legal rights. Gender dysphoria is officially recognized in Iran today, and the Judiciary permits sexual reassignment surgery for those who can afford it. In the early 1960s, Ayatollah Khomeini had issued a ruling permitting gender reassignment, which has since been reconfirmed by Ayatollah Khamenei.
Currently, Iran has between 15,000 and 20,000 transsexuals, according to official statistics, although unofficial estimates put the figure at up to 150,000. Iran carries out more gender change operations than any country in the world besides Thailand. Sex changes have been legal since the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, spiritual leader of the 1979 Islamic revolution, passed a fatwa authorising them nearly 25 years ago. Whereas homosexuality is considered a sin, transsexuality is categorised as an illness subject to cure. While the government seeks to keep its approval quiet, state support has increased since Ahmadinejad took office in 2005. His government has begun providing grants of £2,250 for operations and further funding for hormone therapy. It is also proposing loans of up to £2,750 to allow those undergoing surgery to start their own businesses.

The F-15SE will feature next-generation Joint Helmet Mounted Cueing System produced by Vision Systems International, Elbit 11in x 19in Large Area Display (LAD) system on the front and rear cockpits, digital fly-by-wire flight control system, Link-16 Fighter Data Link and infrared search and track (IRST) system. An advanced targeting pod provides the aircraft with target identification and autonomous tracking capabilities. A navigation pod will also be fitted to the aircraft providing it with all-weather and night-attack capabilities. The aircraft will also feature advanced electronic equipment including BAE Systems digital electronic warfare system (DEWS) and active electronically scanned array (AESA) radar. The F-15SE Silent Eagle also incorporated a change to the vertical stabilizers. Whereas all preceding F-15s had featured twin vertical stabilizers, standing perfectly parallel to each other, the Silent Eagle’s stabilizers were canted outward at 15 degrees. The change reduced the Silent Eagle’s RCS and provided a bit more lift. The additional lift granted the Silent Eagle a 75-to-100 mile range increase over its predecessor.   In addition to the structural modifications, the Silent Eagle was also coated in radar-absorbent materials, or RAM, to further reduce the jet’s RCS. “RAM is used on modern stealth fighters to minimize the radar return created by the facets of their designs that couldn’t be adjusted to deflect radar waves – things like ramjet inlets, the fighter’s nose, and the leading edges of its wings,” Hollings wrote.

After completing his performances on the football fields, Yaroslav Pollack began his coaching career. From 1982 to 1983 he was assistant coach of Austria Vienna and from 1983 to 1984 he was assistant coach of Sporting Lisbon. In 1985, after his first visit to the Middle East, he took charge of the club for the first time, the Al-Fahaheel team from Kuwait, with whom he won the Emir of Kuwait Cup in 1986. In 1990 he returned to Czechoslovakia, where he worked for two years as a manager in the DAK 1904 team from Dunajská Streda. From 1992 to 1993, he headed the Israeli club Hapoel Petah Tikva. In 1993-1994, Pivarnik headed the Saudi club Al-Qadisiyah (Al-Khobar), with which he won the Saudi Football Federation Cup and the Asian Cup Winners' Cup. In 1995-1996, the former footballer managed the youth national team of Oman. In 1997-1998, Jan Pivarnik headed the Kuwaiti club Al-Salmiya, with which he became the champion of Kuwait, and in 1998-1999 the other Kuwaiti club Al-Arabi, with which he won the Emir of Kuwait Cup, the Al-Kurafi Cup and the Crown Prince Cup of Kuwait. From 1999 to 2000, the former Czechoslovak footballer was in charge of the Emirati club Al Jazeera. In 2000, he returned to Kuwait, where he won the Al-Kurafi Cup in the 2000–2001 season with Al-Arabi, and in 2002–2003 with Al-Kuwait won the Crown Prince Cup of Kuwait. In 2003-2004, Jan Pivarnik again headed the Saudi club Al-Qadisiyah, and in 2008 - the Kuwaiti club Al-Fahaheel, which became the last club in his coaching career, after which Pivarnik returned to Slovakia.

The show functions under a translation convention for baby talk, which is presented as essentially a separate language which only other babies can understand. The babies' dialogue is almost universally translated for viewers into comprehensible English dialogue, but adults in the series cannot understand them. One example of this dissonance is when Tommy says "Reptar!", (the title character of a popular in-show children's franchise) but his mother then responds that she heard him say "riff-raff", and that she hopes he is getting close to speaking full words, indicating that adult characters still hear the dialogue of baby characters as babbling. The translated dialogue of the babies is still presented as infantile English, reflecting their limited understanding of the world. Another major point of this plot convention is that toddlers who have learned to speak the adult language can still understand baby talk because they are at a transitional age between the two. Angelica and Susie can understand what the baby characters are saying but can also communicate with adults, though they never outright reveal to the adults that they can comprehend complex messages from the babies. Very young newborns, such as Tommy's little brother, cannot yet communicate even with baby talk, although Dil has a very limited vocabulary consisting of the words "poopy" and "mine" which are perhaps the only words he is capable of saying. The older babies, such as Tommy and Chuckie, are able to interpret what Dil is trying to communicate although, due to their own age, it is difficult. When the older babies do figure out what Dil wants or needs, it usually involves changing his diaper or giving him an object – to play with or just to experience the joy of holding it.

Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal from Connecticut advocated for the reinstatement of gun-control measures previously declined by Congress following the 2012 Sandy Hook school shooting, suggesting such legislation might have prevented the shooting spree. Blumenthal emphasized the necessity to refocus gun-control initiatives around mental health issues, highlighting the urgent need for enhanced resources to support individuals with mental illnesses. In his address, Michaels-Martinez's father attributed the attacks to the "craven, irresponsible" actions of politicians and the National Rifle Association (NRA), accusing the NRA of prioritizing gun rights above public safety. Subsequently, Martinez said he wanted members of Congress to stop calling him to offer condolences for his son's death and appealed to the public to unite with him in "demanding immediate action" on gun control from Congress members. Additionally, he extended his sympathies towards the parents of Rodger. Timothy F. Murphy, a Pennsylvania Representative and clinical psychologist, presented his bipartisan mental health reform as a solution and called on Congress to enact it. Santa Barbara Assemblymembers Das Williams and Nancy Skinner introduced legislation that would allow law enforcement, close relatives, or housemates to request a court order for the confiscation of firearms from individuals deemed a serious risk to themselves or others. Concurrently, State Senator Hannah-Beth Jackson proposed a bill enforcing officers consult a state firearms registry during assessments of potential threats to personal or public safety. Jackson's bill received unanimous Senate approval in August 2014. While Williams and Skinner's bill successfully passed through both legislative chambers, it faced opposition from the National Rifle Association and other groups advocating for Second Amendment rights, who launched statewide robo-call campaigns against it. Williams highlighted the external origin of the calls and maintained that the legislation received significant bipartisan support. Governor Jerry Brown ultimately signed both bills into law in September 2014.

The median income divides households in the US evenly in the middle with half of all household earning more than the median income and half of all households earning less than the median household income. In 2004 the median household income in the United States was $43,389. According to the US Census Bureau, the median is "considerably lower than the average, and provides a more accurate representation." The median household income varies with race, size of household and geography. The state with the highest median household income in the United States was New Hampshire with $57,352, followed by New Jersey, Maryland and Connecticut, making the Northeastern United States the wealthiest area by income in the entire country. In terms of region the median household income was as follows: "Northeast ($47,994), West ($47,680) and South ($40,773)." Median household income in the Mid-West declined by 2.8% to $44,657. The exception was the Midwest, where income declined 2.8% to $44,657. While median household income has tendency to increase up to four persons per household, it declines thereon after. This indicated that while four person households have larger incomes than those with one, two or three members, household with seem to earn progressively less as their size increases beyond four persons. According to the US Census Bureau 2004 Community Survey, two-person households had a median income of $39,755, with $48,957 for three-person households, $54,338 for four-person households, $50,905 for five-person households, $45,435 for six-person households, with seven-or-more-person households having the second lowest median income of only $42,471. In terms of race, Asian-Americans households had the highest median household income of $57,518, European-American households ranked second with $48,977, Hispanic or Latino households ranked third with $34,241. African American or Black households had the lowest median household income of all races with $30,134.

The Maken are a caste, or clan of Jat origin and are claimed to ancest from Jats. They are mostly settled in the Sargodha District of the Punjab (Pakistan).
most of them are farmers and they are very hard worker. The actively take part in the local sports and are found to be very passionate reagrding Nezabazi and Falconry. Sardar Fateh Khan Maken has been a prominent player in Nezabazi for winning the Asian Championship. Numerous Makens have been a part of provincial politics alongside tribal politics, for example, Punjab. Sardar Asim Sher Maken has been serving as the district council chairman of Sargodha, who was previously the chairman of Kot Pehlwan union council. Sardar Muhammad Yousuf Maken from Wegowal always play a vital role in general elections. Chaudhary Salehon Maken Subedar has been chairman from Mandi Bahaudin multiple times. Sardar Sikandar Hayat Maken and Sardar Fateh Khan Maken have contested and won different elections for a provincial assembly seat. Chaudry Ghulam Mubashir Maken is serving SSP (DPO) D G Khan. Sardar Aamir Habib Ullah Maken Air Vice Marshal (General) in Pakistan Air Force. Sardar Mujahid Zafar Maken is serving Assistant commissioner Multan. A well known name in electrical distribution systems designing Engineer Hafiz Ghulam Muhammad (Designer of different sectors of DHA Multan, DHA Peshawar and DHA Quetta) also belongs to Maken family. Hammad Hassan Maken is a serving commander in Pakistan Navy. He was awarded Sitara-e-Basalat for successfully eliminating the terrorists from Pearl Continental Gawadar in a 25 hours operation.[https://www.thenews.com.pk/print/633763-president-confers-military-awards [2<nowiki>]</nowiki>]

The current Zhejiang University was formed officially in 1998, but the main root of it, Qiushi Academy, dates back to 1897 in Qing Dynasty. At that time, Qiushi Acedamy was one of the earliest modern academies of higher education in China. During 1901 to 1927, the name of Qiushi Academy was changed a lot of times as Zhejiang Academy, Zhejiang Advanced College, Yuying Academy, etc. In 1928, it was officially named as National Zhejiang University. After the War of Resistance Against Japan broke out in 1937, Zhejiang University started to move to the west of China, which is called “Long March of Culture”. Under the leading of Chu Kochen, Zhejiang University was directed towards one of the leading universities in China and attained a series of achievement in teaching and researching. And in 1944, it was honored as “Oriental Cambridge” by Joseph Needham, the famous British scholar who visited Zhejiang University twice. As the Resistance Against Japan went to the end, Zhejiang University moved back to Hangzhou at 1946 and in 1951 it already became a comprehensive university. In 1952, due to the nationwide Renovation of educational systems, Zhejiang University was restructured and separated into 15 institutions. Up to the four universities with the same semester merged into the new Zhejiang University in 1998, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou University, Zhejiang Agricultural University, Zhejiang Medical University focused on the research and teaching in their own field and trained a large number of outstanding professionals. And finally at Sep.15th 1998, the new Zhejiang University was formed and developed rapidly during the past 12 years and made every effort to build itself as one of the first-class university in the world.

Later on, Archie is in a broken elevator with a woman who Archie thought was crazy, an African American businessman and a Puerto Rican man and women who is about to give birth. In season eight of the show Gloria and Michael move out of the house and move into their own house to raise their son but the house is very close to Archie and Edith's house. Michael and Gloria start to argue many times and they think they might get divorced. Michael looks to Archie for help but it does not work very much. They do stayed married for the rest of the show. Archie's ideas about transgender people are put to test when he saved a transgender person's life not knowing that they were transgender. Many important and controversial things happen in season eight of the show. During the episode "Edith's 50th Birthday" a man who is dressed up as a police officer tried to rape Edith. Edith fights him off but has a very hard time telling Archie about it. Another time Archie and Michael are locked in Kelsey's Bar together and they argue but become very close and Archie finally tells Michael that he loves him. Later in the show Archie and Edith raise a young girl named Stephanie Mills who was abandoned by her father and her mother (Edith's cousin). Archie buys a bar with a friend and they own it. The story of "All in the Family" continued in "Archie Bunker's Place" and the house is the main place with a new family named the "Cumberbatches" in the spin-off show "704 Hauser" but the show was cancelled less than a month after it started.

A trial is where two people or two groups of people argue in a court.
In a civil trial, there is a plaintiff and a defendant. The plaintiff tries to prove that he or she has a reason why the defendant needs to give him or her money.
In a criminal trial, there is a prosecutor and a defendant. The prosecutor works for the government and tries to prove that the defendant committed a crime. It often takes a long time to get a trial scheduled as the courts can be very busy. In the United States, Federal court can take up to 10 months to get a court date. 
The judge controls the courtroom. He or she decides who speaks when, and they decide what evidence and arguments can be used. Sometimes, a jury is brought in to determine whether the defendant is guilty or not guilty. If there is no jury, the judge or judges decide whether the defendant is proven guilty or not. If the defendant is proven guilty of the crime, the judge will decide the punishment, which is also called the "sentence". If the crime is serious, the defendant may go to prison or, in some countries, be executed. For smaller crimes, there is often a fine—money that must be paid, in addition to having a criminal record.
Trials are different in places where the laws are different. Different countries, cities and states all have different laws that change how trials happen. Trials in some places are very short. In some places, however, important trials can take as long as a few years while the two sides gather information and put together their arguments.

Umm Kulthum's exact date of birth is not known. According to birth records of the Province, it is thought to be on 4 May 1904, . She had a sister and a brother. Her sister was named Sayyida. She was ten years older than Umm. Her brother was named Khalid. He was one year older than Umm. Umm Kulthum came from a very humble background. Her mother, Fatma al-maliji, took care of the children and the house. Her father - Al-Shaykh Ibrahim Al-Sayyid Al-Baltaji- was a local Imam in the village of . When she was five years old, her father sent her to a religious school - - to learn to recite the Qur'an. Umm Kalthoum's father Al-Baltaji, used to sing religious songs in weddings and ceremonies - such as the Prophet's birth and the Islamic New Year- in neighboring villages as a way of generating income. Commemorating such events by reciting the Qur'an was part and parcel of the peasant society where Umm Kulthum grew in. To listen to a good Qur'anic chanter was ""one of the few means at the "fallah's" (peasant) disposal which was not censored, punished, taxed or confiscated, unlike everything else he owned"". Al-Baltaji, first discovered Umm Kulthum's voice when she recited the songs he taught to his son Khalid. Afterwards, Umm Kulthum started tagging along her father's trips and became part of the ensemble. In the beginning, and due to the conservative society where they were living, her father dressed her up like a boy while preforming together on stage. However, her father was compelled to accept the idea of his daughter singing in front of an audience because the family needed the money. Umm Kulthum recounted: ""at first, I was like a parrot. What my father sang, I sang"" and shortly after became known as ""the little girl with the powerful voice"". The daughter of the Egyptian village ""bint il-rif"" moved with her family to Cairo in the 1920's in pursuit of a better life. With their move to Cairo, they noticed that religious songs were not cherished as before while nightclubs and cabarets were becoming more and more popular. Umm Kulthum noted: ""when I first came to Cairo, religious songs had declined in popularity. British soldiers crowded the nightclubs that grew up to accommodate them. ... Singers held a low-esteem but the most famous ones had great influence even with members of the Government"".

A number of reform movements began during this period after 1815. The improved economy after the War of 1812 provided a new class of people who had the time and financial resources to become involved in social movements. New technologies in printing increased the number of publications including those about subjects such as abolition. Better transportation meant lecturers could move from place to place more easily. A temperance movement began about 1819. A religious movement, sometimes called the Second Great Awakening, swept through the country during this time. Common themes ran through most of these reform movements. One of the most important was the belief that people had the ability to choose between right and wrong. For example, slavery was wrong. The term "slave" was used to show anything that was held to be wrong in society. Drunkards were "slaves" to alcohol, workers were "slaves" to the factory owners, and women were "slaves" to men. It was also common for those who believed in anti-slavement movements to also believe in women's rights, religious reforms and temperance reforms. People were given to joining local organizations because there were no strong political leaders championing these causes. There were no national church organizations to lead these causes. Reform movements went around the political and religious systems, at least until the 1840s. The movements themselves, such as the abolitionist movement, were not completely unified and had internal disagreements over what should be done or how to go about it.

The words of Kuroda's citation explain:
Staff Sergeant Robert T. Kuroda distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action, on 20 October 1944, near Bruyeres, France. Leading his men in an advance to destroy snipers and machine gun nests, Staff Sergeant Kuroda encountered heavy fire from enemy soldiers occupying a heavily wooded slope. Unable to pinpoint the hostile machine gun, he boldly made his way through heavy fire to the crest of the ridge. Once he located the machine gun, Staff Sergeant Kuroda advanced to a point within ten yards of the nest and killed three enemy gunners with grenades. He then fired clip after clip of rifle ammunition, killing or wounding at least three of the enemy. As he expended the last of his ammunition, he observed that an American officer had been struck by a burst of fire from a hostile machine gun located on an adjacent hill. Rushing to the officer's assistance, he found that the officer had been killed. Picking up the officer's submachine gun, Staff Sergeant Kuroda advanced through continuous fire toward a second machine gun emplacement and destroyed the position. As he turned to fire upon additional enemy soldiers, he was killed by a sniper. Staff Sergeant Kuroda's courageous actions and indomitable fighting spirit ensured the destruction of enemy resistance in the sector. Staff Sergeant Kuroda's extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

Despite great advances made to lift minorities out of poverty and many African Americans and Latino Americans joining the middle class, there is still an uneven racial distribution among the groups. White people who were not of Hispanic descent made up roughly 75.1% of all persons in 2000, 87.93% of all households in the top 5% were headed by a person who identified as being White. Only 4.75% of all household in the top 5% were headed by someone who identified him or herself as being Hispanic or Latino of any race, versus 12.5% of persons identifying themselves as Hispanic or Latino in the general population. Overall 86.01% of all households in the top two quintiles with upper-middle range incomes of over $55,331 were headed by a head of household who identified him or herself as White, while only 7.21% were being headed by someone who identified as being Hispanic and 7.37% by someone who identified as being African American or Black. Overall households headed by Hispanics and African Americans or Blacks were underrepresented in the top two quintiles and overrepresented in the bottom two quintiles. Households headed by people who identified as being Asian were overrepresented among the top two quintiles. In the top five percent the percentage of Asians was nearly twice as high as the percentage of Asians among the general population. European Americans were relatively even distributed throughout the quintiles only being underrepresented in the lowest quintile and slightly overrepresented in the top quintile and the top five percent.
SOURCE: US Census Bureau, 2004

Shaurya and Mehek are reborn. Mehek is born into a poor household where her father resents her being a girl. On the other hand, Shaurya is born into a wealthy family. Mehek grows to become a tomboy and again meets Shaurya. Mehek is a bold and fearless personality who quickly picks up fights. Shaurya is practising to become a boxer as his father hopes his son will one day win the gold medal. Visions of their previous life haunt both Shaurya and Mehek. Later, when Mehek and Shaurya have 20 years old, they are brought to the same college, both with the passion of boxing, their relationship constantly flickering because of this. Svetlana again tries to separate Mehek and Shaurya by killing them with the help of a superstitious baba when he reveals to her that if Mehek and Shaurya love each other a second time, her destiny will be sealed. Svetlana kills the sister of Mehek named Swati, who was trying to save Mehek. Mehek recalls her past life, but Svetlana fires two bullets at her. Mehek survives but pretends to be a ghost in front of Svetlana to make her feared. She then meets Shaurya. It is then revealed that Shaurya and Mehek's plan frighten Svetlana to such a level that she confesses her crimes. In the climax, Svetlana is killed by Durga Devi Trishula, and Kanta, who survived the tragedy caused by Svetlana 20 years ago, finds, probably by default of appearance, the avatars of Shaurya and Mehek and decides to live with them. Finally, Mehek and Shaurya get married and live happily together.

A system is a model used to describe the behaviour of something in the real world that takes inputs and produces outputs. For example, a car is a system in that the driver chooses how hard to press on the gas pedal (the input) and the car drives along the road at a certain speed (the output). In the case of a car, the input to the gas pedal does not fully determine the speed of the car. The weight in the car, the incline of the road, the traction of the tires, the current speed of the car, and other factors can all change the output received for a particular input. Control theory attempts to determine what inputs will result in a desired output, or reference. This is accomplished using differential equations, linear algebra, and other branches of math. Control theory relies heavily on computational models and software. 
In a control system a controller manipulates the inputs to a system. In the control systems one or more output variables of a system need to follow a certain reference over time. By manipulating the input, the controller wants to obtain the desired effect on the output of the system. If we were to take a system without a controller it would simply have an input and an output. As there is no way to track the output relative to the input then the system is practically useless. If we add a controller, by feeding the output through the controller back to the input the output can be manipulated to meet the desired criteria. For example, if a kettle did not have a controller and it were switched on it would continue to boil the water indefinitely. By adding a controller, the boiling water (reference) is fed back to the input through the controller. The controller then tells the input to turn off the power as the water is already boiling. The system without the controller is called the open-loop system. When you add a controller in a feedback loop you create a closed-loop system. Open-loop systems are rarely ever considered stable as they cannot be controlled based on their output. Closed-loop systems incorporate a controller or series of controllers which, depending on the current output, configure the input such that the output will have the desired response.

Chailert continues to advocate for Asian Elephants and tries her best to raise awareness throughout the world. She has successfully rescued over 200 elephants. She first started taking action after witnessing elephants being forced to carry logs into the jungle. She later realized that all this abuse deeply affects their mental health. In fact, some elephants have become blind because of slingshots targeted at their eyes as well as the bright lights in a circus. Elephants endure intense training for circuses. Many elephants are taken away from their parents at a very young age, which significantly affects them later in life. Some elephants get chained up on their legs, causing them to bleed because of the deep cuts in their legs. Because of the harsh conditions, many elephants become very aggressive and develop a lot of trauma. Elephants are commonly forced to do tricks, get ridden, and do paintings using their trunks. They are also used for their ivory. They are also forced to do extremely tough labor. Many elephants suffer from abuse that is involved with logging, tourism, circuses, and street begging. Elephants are meant to be in the wild and be independent. They are not meant to be used as entertainment for humans. Many people are not aware of how this affects elephants. Chailert’s mentality is that an elephant isn’t just an animal; they are a person. That is why she treats them with respect. She treats them as if they are part of her family. Chailert was taught to respect nature at a young age. Chailert acknowledges the fact that more people are being educated about this topic. She hopes more people are informed. She would like others to spread the word.

At 05:45 24th of May, German lookouts spotted smoke in the distance which turned out to be from two of the Royal Navy's ships called HMS Hood and HMS Prince of Wales. At 05:52 "Hood" opened fire at what they thought was "Bismarck" but instead of "Prinz Eugen" while "Prince of Wales" fired on "Bismarck". Both "Prince of Wales" and "Hood" attacked "Bismarck" and "Prinz Eugen" head on only allowing them to use their front guns while "Bismarck" and "Prinz Eugen" could fire with all their weaponry. After several minutes of shelling, "Hood" turned 20° left to use its rear turrets and after a minute of firing, "Prinz Eugen" scored a hit on "Hood" causing an ammunition fire which was quickly extinguished. "Bismarck" fired three salvos which caused it to find the range to "Hood" and the order to rapid-fire was given. "Hood" turned 20° to the left again to make itself parallel with "Bismarck" and "Prinz Eugen. Prinz Eugen" shifted its fire towards "Prince of Wales" to keep both British ships under fire and scored a couple of hits on "Wales." "Prinz Eugen" was ordered to move behind "Bismarck" to keep track of "Norfolk" and "Suffolk." At 06:00 "Hood" was completing her second turn to the left when "Bismarck's" salvo hit. Two of the shells landed short while one of the shells struck "Hood's" thin deck armor and caused 112 t ( 110 long tons ) of ammo to explode causing "Hood" to split in half in only eight minutes and only three out of 1149 crew survived. After the sinking of "Hood, Bismarck" redirected its fire towards "Prince of Wales" and hit "Wales" directly in the bridge killing all but 3 officers and was still being fired upon and guns were malfunctioning on the new battleship and after scoring a bunch of ineffective hits on "Bismarck", the order was given to retreat at 06:13

Most padlocks can be opened by inserting a thin piece of metal called a shim between the shackle and the body of the lock. This will need to be done on both sides if there are locking levers on both sides. The shim pushes the locking latch aside and allows the lock to open. High-security padlocks often use a ball-bearing latch, which can not be pushed aside with a shim. Some door locks can be shimmed with a credit card or similar thin plastic object. The card is placed between the door and doorframe, which pushes the latch aside. Combination locks can not be picked, but it is often possible to find the combination by feeling for certain clicks inside the lock, except on certain high-security safe locks. Some combination locks have small cracks through which the parts inside the lock can be seen, allowing the combination to be determined. The Master Lock #175 brass combination lock has a very unique flaw allowing a small piece of metal to be inserted into the bottom of the lock, which pushes the locking bar aside, opening the lock. A special pick exists for disc-detainer locks, but it is only effective on inexpensive locks that do not have false gates. A well-made disc-detainer lock with false gates is considered almost impossible to pick. Lever locks are considered difficult, although possible, to pick and also require a special pick. Tubular locks can be picked with a special tubular pick. Some poorly-made tubular locks can be picked with an ordinary writing pen. Most car locks can be defeated by inserting a metal or plastic rod with a small hook on the end into the area between the rubber seal on the window and the car body, and using the hook to pull the lock lever that is normally pulled by hand from the inside of the car. On most cars, it is possible to electrically connect the switch contacts on the ignition lock to start the car without a key, completely bypassing the mechanical lock. This is called hotwiring the car. Most cars use a wafer-tumbler based lock, so it is also possible to pick the door or ignition locks the traditional way. Some cars, such as many Honda and BMW models, have electronic protection against both hotwiring and traditional picking.

The concept of Free Walking Tour in the tourism branch can be compared with a freeware on the IT-market. Free software can be an advertising of the commercial product or its manufacturer. The organizers of the Free Walking Tour often provide some business services such as a shuttle service, different entertainment, thematic, motorized and individual tours; however, the free tour model has developed as a hugely popular way to tour cities in its own right in recent years, with more and more tour companies offering free walking tours exclusively, such as Generation Tours in Dublin, Ireland, for example. Following this trends, online platforms offering free walking tours were also created. The first such platform was FREETOUR.COM in 2014. Later, other platforms of this type started, such as GuruWalk in 2017. The concept can be a little confusing, the traveler has to pay the guide at the end of the tour based on his experience. This concept is commonly referred to as a pay-what-you-please walking tour, because it empowers the client to pay based on their satisfaction with the tour and encourages the guide to always do their best. Free Walking Tour guides can be compared with the street performers who entertain passers-by and offer for donations as well as compared to history professors who bring a city and it's stories to life. Because tour guides only work for gratuities, the quality of a free tour tends to be significantly and consistently better than traditional "pay first" tours, which can take advantage of unknowing travelers.

During World War II, allied field hospitals were mobile. They usually held about 400 beds while the more stationary evacuation hospitals could be 400 or 750 bed hospitals. The mobile hospitals would arrive within days after an invasion and would move with the armies, always remaining a few miles behind the front lines. They usually used canvas tents but would also use any buildings in the area when available. When the field hospital was about to move, they stopped accepting casualties and sent those they had to other field hospitals. They then packed their tents and equipment onto trucks and moved to the new location. Within a few hours they were ready to accept wounded soldiers again.
The World War II German field hospitals were very similar to those of the U.S. Army. But the Germans differed in their triage procedures were different. Their first aid was given at a "verwundetennest" by army medics (not doctors). This consisted of using bandages and/or splints and were located very close to if not on the battlefield. They were then sent to the "truppenverbandplatz" (aid station) where they were seen by a doctor. After this patients who were stabilized were sent to a "hauptverbandplatz" (clearing station). This was located about from the front and usually had two doctors (but more were added as needed). They had a staff that could take care of about 200 patients (more staff was added if necessary). If the soldier had an abdomenal or other serious wound, they were given surgery here. Then, after the most serious were taken care of, any less serious wounds that needed surgery were taken care of. For those who had severe bone fractures, brain injuries or chest wounds, they were sent to a military hospital called a "kriegslazarett".

That the principles already advanced by Virginia & Kentucky are not to be yielded in silence, I presume we all agree. I should propose a declaration of Resolution by their legislatures on this plan. 1st. Answer the reasonings of such of the states as have ventured in the field of reason, & that of the Committee of Congress. ... 2. Make a firm protestation against the principle & the precedent; and a reservation of the rights resulting to us from these palpable violations of the constitutional compact by the Federal government, ... 3. Express in affectionate and conciliatory language our warm attachment to union with our sister-states, and to the instrument & principles by which we are united; … fully confident that the good sense of the American people and their attachment to rally with us round the true principle of our federal compact. But determined, were we to be disappointed in this, to sever ourselves from that union we so much value, rather than give up the rights of self government which we have reserved, & in which alone we see liberty, safety & happiness.
In response to this letter, Madison visited Jefferson at Monticello during the first week of September. Their discussion was important in that it persuaded Jefferson to depart from his radical stance on dissociation from the Union, which is expressed at the end of the excerpt above. At the very least, Virginia or Kentucky taking such a stance publicly would have justified the Federalist attacks against the secessionist tendencies of the Republicans. Madison won over Jefferson, who shortly thereafter wrote to Wilson Cary Nicholas that: "From [this position] I retreat readily, not only in deference to [Madison's] judgment but because as we should never think of separation but for repeated and enormous violations, so these, when they occur, will be cause enough of themselves." Adrienne Koch and Harry Ammon, examining Jefferson's later writing, conclude that Madison had a significant role "in softening Jefferson's more extreme views."

Tanu eagerly waits for Rishi to return. Rishi, who now is a boxer and doesn't believe in love, has forgotten Tanu and also denies going to India, but Raaj threatens Rano to donate all his wealth, and they all are forced to go to India. Rishi and his family reach Patiala, where Tanu resides, and on the same day Tanu's parents are killed in a terrorist attack. Raaj reaches Tanu's home and comes to know that his friend has died. Bani, Tanu's aunt, takes Rishi and family to Mumbai, where Bani's own daughters, Swati and Neha reside. Bani changes her daughter Neha's name to Tanu in front of Rishi's family. Tanu and Ahana also reach Mumbai. On the same night, Rishi and Tanu meet, and Rishi instantly falls for Tanu, without knowing that she is Tanu. Rishi's marriage is fixed with Neha. Bani changes Tanu's name to Tanvi by saying that Raaj doesn't like Tanu and Ahana. Tanu's marriage gets fixed with Pawan, a man from Jalandhar. Rishi and Tanu's marriage is going to take place on the same day. He finds out that Pawan is already married to a girl, Saloni and fails to expose them. On the day of their marriage, Tanu's sister Ahana drugs Tanu and helps Rishi in kidnapping her.they both marry after Tanu reveals that she is the real Tanu but Pawan follows them. Everyone gets to know the truth by Ahana, Katyani Bai and Manpreet that Pawan is married to Saloni and Tanvi is real Tanu. Neha tells Sandy, his boyfriend that Rishi molested her and Sandy decides to kill Rishi. When Rishi and Tanu are about to travel back to home, Sandy shoots Tanu instead of Rishi and she dies. Rishi tries to commit suicide but Tanu's soul comes and stops him. Her soul says that she will come back.

Bohr and his colleagues argued that photons, electrons, etc. do not have either position or momentum until they are measured. This theoretical position grew out of the discovery of uncertainty, and was not just some personal preference on what to believe. Bohr said that we know nothing about something like a photon or electron until we observe it. In order to observe such a small thing we need to interact with it somehow. In everyday life it is possible to do something like walking alongside an automobile while marking down the times it crosses points on a grid drawn on the pavement. Perhaps the weight of the automobile itself will depress little levers in the pavement that turn off clocks attached to each of them and record the automobile's weight. In the end we would have a clear record of where the car was at various times, and also could compute its direction of progress and weight. We could then know, at any time on the clock, both its position and its momentum (its velocity multiplied by its mass). We would not even imagine that the force required to move the little levers would have any influence on the progress of the car. We would also not imagine that the automobile had no location or trajectory between the points on the pavement where there are levers, or that the car exists in a kind of three-dimensional blur during those times and only settles down while it is depressing a lever. The world that we are familiar with does not reveal these strange kinds of interactions.

Rodger began to meticulously plan his attack around Halloween of 2013 but eventually scrapped the idea, fearing the heightened police presence typical of the holiday might thwart his plans. In November 2012, his quest for a quick fortune drove him to drive from California to Arizona to purchase tickets for the Powerball jackpot, which had soared to $500 million. Despite driving over to Arizona four times, his efforts were met with consistent failure, each loss pushing him deeper into fury. Thinking he would remain a virgin forever, he actively began to plan and prepare for the "Day of Retribution". In December 2012, Rodger bought a Glock 34 semiautomatic pistol for $755.57 at a firearms dealer in Goleta, California. As the spring of 2013 approached, Rodger's thoughts turned darker as he began to seriously contemplate orchestrating the "Day of Retribution," purchasing a Sig Sauer P226 handgun in March 2013 for $1,179.48 in Burbank, California. Rodger began to plan his attack sometime in November of 2013. Rodger and two other people were placed as roommates in their apartment complex not long after having taken a questionnaire about their personalities. Rodger would go with them to the gym and dinner, but after a few occasions, he started to distance himself. He became withdrawn and was frequently heard having intense phone calls from his room. The roommates suspected that Rodger possessed a firearm because they had heard a clicking sound numerous times. They decided to move out in June 2013 as they became more uncomfortable living with Rodger.

After getting the consent of his master, he volunteered in 1781 to join the American army under the Marquis de Lafayette. The Marquis used him as a spy. Armistead posed as a runaway slave to the British. He joined the camp of Brigadier General Benedict Arnold the turncoat who was leading some British forces in the area. Pretending to be a spy for the British, Armistead gained Arnold's trust. Arnold used him to guide British troops through local roads. ""The ex-slave, who later renamed himself James Armistead Lafayette in the general's honor, served as a double agent against the british under the avowedly antislavery Lafayette."" 
After Arnold departed north in the spring of 1781, James went to the camp of Lord Charles Cornwallis. Again he posed as a runaway slave. He was given a job serving General Cornwallis. He moved frequently between British camps. In each case the officers would speak openly about their strategies in front of him. James kept this information in written reports. He gave these reports to other American spies. In this way he relayed much information about the British plans for troop movements and about their weapons. Cornwallis hired James to spy for the British. When he was sent to spy on the Americans he brought back an order for General Daniel Morgan to bring up all his reserves. Morgan didn't have any reserves, it was a false order. But it kept Cornwallis where he was leading to his defeat at the Battle of Yorktown. The intelligence reports from his espionage were also instrumental in helping to defeat the British.

The newspaper was innovative: It used new printing technologies, sent a military correspondent to cover the Sino-French War in Vietnam in 1884 and used vernacular ("baihua")" Quickly it got the reputation of being one of the best newspapers in China. It was bought by a Chinese in 1909. In the early 20th century it had a circulation of 30.000 copies a day. 9.000 in Shanhai, and the rest was for other parts of China. "By the early 1920s its circulation was 50,000; by the end of the decade 100,000; and by the mid 1930s, 150,000."
The paper's offices were in the International Settlement, "about a block away from the Central Police Station." At first, the paper had eight pages, with news, essays, and advertisements as well as imperial decrees and memorials. "Because the editorial policies followed the principle of 'reporting whatever possible and letting the readers determine the truth,' many interesting but unfounded rumors were often included as news." After 1905, it increased its size to twenty pages.
Shen Bao was founded as a commercial newspaper. Politically, it was conservative for the first three decades and supported the Qing government. In 1905, it started to change. On New Year's Day it quoted Liang Qichao's constitutionalist slogans. In 1907, the paper was sold to Xi Zipei (1867-1929), Xi Zipei used to be a comprador of the paper. Xi Zipei was influenced by Zhang Jian. The paper changed and became quite liberal and strongly supported the constitutional movement. "It had the following sections: editorials, international news, domestic news, local news, industry and trade, law and society, sports and education, literature and art, and advertisements. In addition to reporting important political news stories, it had many special columns and supplements such as "ziyou tan" (free discussion), automobile, education and life." In 1912 control was transferred to Shi Liangcai. "In the 1930s, Shi was a strong supporter of the Human Rights Defence Alliance established by Madam Soong Qing Ling. Soong Qing Ling was the second wife of revolutionary leader Dr Sun Yat-sen, with Cai Yuanpei and Lu Xun."

The Torx is a Bop It spin-off made by Big Monster Toys under Hasbro that was released in 2000. The game has two twistable circles and two bendable arms that can bend in different angles 90 degrees. The game has four modes - Follow My Command, Find My Shape, Torx Says and Pass Torx. In Follow my Command, the game plays like a Bop It but the commands can get more advanced. First the voice will say "Twist me" but then it can command the player to "Twist me again" or to "Twist me back". If it says "Bend me" it can command the player to "Bend me back", "Bend the same side" or "Bend the other side" or to "Straighten me." After every 15 points, the game will announce "Torx Challenge" and give the player a pattern of commands to remember. The Challenge mode is similar to the one in Top It and Zing It and the player must start the sequence after Torx has given the last command. In Find My Shape, the game unit will tell the player how close they are to the shape that Torx wants to be. It will give out directions like "Cooler", "Hotter" and when the player is near Torx will say "On fire!" and a celebrationary sound effect will play if they find the shape. If the player is not near the correct shape, Torx will say "Ice cold!", "Warm" or "Warmer". In Torx Says, the game will produce 2 different tones. At the start of the game, Torx will say "When you hear this sound (plays the sound) - you must follow my command." With a normal pitched Torx unit, if the player hears an F3 tone, they must follow the command. If they hear a B flat 4 tone they must not follow the command. The game is over if the player beats the game or fails to respond or hesitate. In game four, Pass Torx, the game will player like Game 1 but instead after a certain sequence of commands, the player will hear "Pass Torx". The maximum score in each game mode is 240.

Women Democratic Front (WDF) was officially started on 8 March 2018 on the International Women's Day. It's foundation was done by different people that came from all around Pakistan. The group then did a march through various cities of Pakistan and named it 'Aurat Azadi March' (Urdu: عورت آزادی مارچ) which means 'Women's Freedom March'. In 2019, The group did another March on International Women's Day in alliance with various other groups in Pakistan such as Women Action Forum, The Transgender community in Pakistan, Sindhi Aurat Tanzeem, etc. Some celebrities, political workers and medical workers also joined the March. The March got a positive "(good)" response from Feminists around the world while the right wing in Pakistan judged it as 'Un-Islamic'.
Their ideology is described as socialist-feminism and is seen as an ongoing women's political struggle against violence (particularly domestic violence), discrimination and patriarchal oppression, pillars of capitalism, imperialism, feudalism and religious extremism (such as Honor killing).
The Women Democratic Front is a organization with a presence of four national units across Pakistan. The 4 units are located in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh, Punjab/Islamabad, and Baluchistan. WDF also has a federal unit. The group aims to grow its reach to include the disputed territories of Gilgit-Baltistan and Kashmir, organizing women in those areas. WDF runs through two main structures: the Congress for political and ideological decision-making, and the Council, which oversees day-to-day affairs. These structures operate at district, federal, and provincial/national levels, making sure that there is effective governance and representation within the organization.

The right to a speedy trail originated with the Assize of Clarendon in 1166. It says that justice must be provided to robbers, murders, and thieves "speedily enough." Those who wrote the Bill of Rights did not want defendants to be prisoners for a long time without the benefit of a trial. They did not want the accused to have their life disrupted, especially when the Fifth and Sixth Amendments both hold a presumption of innocence. Also, the longer a trial is delayed, the more likely that evidence may be lost and that witnesses may forget or cannot be found. 
A right to a speedy trial does not begin until a person has been arrested or formally charged. The government may investigate a crime (within any applicable statute of limitations) for as long as they find it is necessary. They are under no obligation to bring an indictment within a certain period of time. The prosecution may drop any pending criminal charges and open the investigation again at a later time without penalty of the Sixth Amendment. 
If a defendant brings a claim that their speedy trial rights have been violated the court may look at the reasons for the delay, any prejudice or injury to the defendant and how far the prosecution has gone into the criminal proceedings. If a defendant does not assert the right to a speedy trial early enough, they may lose their claim. Defendants who cause unnecessary delays also lose their rights to a speedy trial claim. 
If the delay in bringing a defendant to trial exceeds one year following the arrest, this will trigger a presumption that the Sixth Amendment right to a speedy trial may have been violated. The government may counter if they have good or plausible reasons for the delay. Requests by the prosecution for additional time may be granted if plausible. But if none are offered or the court finds the reasons not plausible, they may dismiss the indictment, overturn a conviction or hear other remedies the defense might seek.

The Bearded Collie's legend is that Kazimierz Grabski, a Polish merchant, traded some grain for sheep in Scotland in 1514 and brought six Polish Lowland Sheepdogs to move the sheep. A Scottish shepherd was so impressed with the herding ability of the dogs that he traded several sheep for several dogs. The Polish sheepdogs were bred with local Scottish dogs to produce the Bearded Collie. It is generally agreed that Mrs. G. Olive Willison founded the modern Bearded Collie in 1944 with her brown female, Jeannie of Bothkennar. Jeannie was meant to be a Shetland Sheepdog, but Mrs. Willison was given a Bearded Collie by accident. She was so interested by the dog that she wanted to begin breeding, so she began looking for a male dog for Jeannie. While walking along the beach, Mrs. Willison met a man who was emigrating from Scotland; she became the owner of his grey dog, David, who became Bailie (also anglicized as Bailey) of Bothkennar. Bailie and Jeannie of Bothkennar are the makers of the modern breed; there are only a few other blood lines, preserved in large part by the perseverance of Mr. Nicolas Broadbridge (Sallen) and Mrs. Betty Foster (Bredon). These are based on Turnbull's Blue—a Bearded Collie from working stock, registered in the International Sheep Dog Society when it still registered non-Border Collies. He bred three litters of Bearded Collies. The breed became popular during the last half of the 20th century—helped, in part, by Potterdale Classic at Moonhill, a Bearded Collie who won Best in Show at Crufts in 1989. The Bearded Collie Club celebrated its Golden Jubilee in 2005. The bearded collie is good natured and is good as a family pet and a working dog and a show dog.

Discussing whether his character could ever find a soulmate, John Barrowman refutes that Jack "likes everybody, and his love for each person is different". He believes that Jack does harbour romantic feelings toward the Doctor, but "would never take that beyond infatuation" and "would never let the Doctor know". Barrowman describes Jack's love for Ianto as "lustful", and if he ever were to settle down with him, he would "let Ianto know that he [Jack] has to play around on the side". John Barrowman and Gareth David-Lloyd have also opined that Jack's relationship with Ianto has however brought out Jack's empathy, and helped to ground him. In contrast, if he settled down with Gwen, "he'd have to commit completely" to her; this is why he does not act on his feelings for her, because even though she would let him flirt with other people, he could "never afford to do anything more Eve Myles, who portrays Gwen, describes theirs as a "palpable love" and opines that "with Jack and Gwen, it’s the real thing and they’re going to make you wait for that." "Torchwood" Series Two sees Jack promise both Gwen and Ianto that they were the reason he returned to Cardiff. Barrowman claims that Jack also "fancies" fellow companion Martha Jones, admiring her "tenacity" and willingness to "spat with him", and describes Jack's love for Toshiko and Owen as "fatherly", stating "He was guiding them. That's why it was so devastating for him to lose them." Offering reasons why Jack could never find "The One", Barrowman brings up the character's immortality. "He always loses them. He outlives them. They die. He watches them get old. That bothered him in Series One [of "Torchwood"], but now he's come to terms with that, I think... so now he just sleeps around!"

Quarks are very small things that make up everything we see (matter). There are six different "flavors" of quarks: the up quark, down quark, strange quark, charmed quark, bottom quark, and top quark. Quarks also have three "colors": red, green, and blue. There are also anti-quarks, which are the opposite of the regular quarks. In total, there are 18 different types of regular quarks, and 18 different types of anti quarks. Quarks are known as the "building blocks of matter" because they are the smallest thing that make up all the matter in the universe.
All elementary particles (for example, the quarks) have something called "spin". The "spin" of a particle shows us what a particle looks like from different directions. For example, a particle of spin 0 looks the same from every direction. A particle of spin 1 looks different in every direction, unless the particle is spun completely around (360 degrees). Hawking's example of a particle of spin 1 is an arrow. A particle of spin two needs to be turned around halfway (or 180 degrees) to look the same. The example given in the book is of a double-headed arrow. There are two groups of particles in the universe: particles with a spin of 1/2, and particles with a spin of 0, 1, or 2. All of these particles follow "Pauli's exclusion principle". Pauli's exclusion principle says that particles cannot be in the same place or have the same speed. If Pauli's exclusion principle did not exist, then everything in the universe would look the same, like a roughly uniform and dense "soup".
Particles with a spin of 0, 1, or 2 move force from one particle to another. Some examples of these particles are "virtual gravitons" and "virtual photons". Virtual gravitons have a spin of 2 and they represent the force of gravity. This means that when gravity affects two things, gravitons move to and from the two things. Virtual photons have a spin of 1 and represent electromagnetic forces (or the force that holds atoms together).

After the end of Rao's tenure in May 1996, the nation saw four prime ministers in a span of three years, "", two tenures of Atal Bihari Vajpayee; one tenure of H. D. Deve Gowda from 1 June 1996 to 21 April 1997; and one tenure of I. K. Gujral from 21 April 1997 to 19 March 1998. The government of Prime Minister Vajpayee—elected in 1998—took some concrete steps. In May 1998—after a month in power—the government announced the conduct of five underground nuclear explosions in Pokhran. In response to these tests, many western countries, including the United States, imposed economic sanctions on India, but, due to the support received from Russia, France, the Gulf countries and some other nations, the sanctions—were largely—not considered successful. A few months later in response to the Indian nuclear tests, Pakistan also conducted nuclear tests. Given the deteriorating situation between the two countries, the governments tried to improve bilateral relations. In February 1999, the India and Pakistan signed the Lahore Declaration, in which the two countries announced their intention to annul mutual enmity, increase trade and use their nuclear capabilities for peaceful purposes. In May 1999, All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam withdrew from the ruling National Democratic Alliance (NDA) coalition; Vajpayee's government, hence, became a caretaker one after losing a motion-of-no-confidence 269–270, this coincided with the Kargil War with Pakistan. In the subsequent October 1999 general election, the BJP-led NDA and its affiliated parties secured a comfortable majority in the Lok Sabha, winning 299 of 543 seats in the lower house.

In the 19th century, divorce laws were changed, and became more liberal. Divorce was still only possible in the case of marital misconduct. As a result, the requirement to pay alimony became linked to the concept of fault in the divorce. Alimony to wives was paid because it was assumed that the marriage, and the wife's right to support, would have continued but for the misbehavior of the husband. Ending alimony on divorce would have permitted a guilty husband to profit from his own misconduct. In contrast, if the wife committed the misconduct, she was considered to have lost any claim to ongoing support. During this period, parties could rarely afford alimony, and it was rarely awarded by courts. As husbands' incomes increased, and with it the possibility of paying alimony, the awarding of alimony increased, generally because a wife could show a need for ongoing financial support, and the husband had the ability to pay. No-fault divorce led to changes in alimony. Whereas spousal support was considered a right under the fault-based system, it became conditional under the no-fault approach. According to the American Bar Association, marital fault is a "factor" in awarding alimony in twenty-five states and the District of Columbia. Permanent alimony began to fall out of favor, as it prevented former spouses from beginning new lives, though in some states (e.g., Massachusetts, Mississippi, and Tennessee), permanent alimony awards continued, but with some limitations. Alimony moved beyond support to permitting the more dependent spouse to become financially independent or to have the same standard of living as during the marriage or common law marriage, though this was not possible in most cases.

The words of Inouye's citation explain:
Second Lieutenant Daniel K. Inouye distinguished himself by extraordinary heroism in action on 21 April 1945, in the vicinity of San Terenzo, Italy. While attacking a defended ridge guarding an important road junction, Second Lieutenant Inouye skillfully directed his platoon through a hail of automatic weapon and small arms fire, in a swift enveloping movement that resulted in the capture of an artillery and mortar post and brought his men to within 40 yards of the hostile force. Emplaced in bunkers and rock formations, the enemy halted the advance with crossfire from three machine guns. With complete disregard for his personal safety, Second Lieutenant Inouye crawled up the treacherous slope to within five yards of the nearest machine gun and hurled two grenades, destroying the emplacement. Before the enemy could retaliate, he stood up and neutralized a second machine gun nest. Although wounded by a sniper’s bullet, he continued to engage other hostile positions at close range until an exploding grenade shattered his right arm. Despite the intense pain, he refused evacuation and continued to direct his platoon until enemy resistance was broken and his men were again deployed in defensive positions. In the attack, 25 enemy soldiers were killed and eight others captured. By his gallant, aggressive tactics and by his indomitable leadership, Second Lieutenant Inouye enabled his platoon to advance through formidable resistance, and was instrumental in the capture of the ridge. Second Lieutenant Inouye’s extraordinary heroism and devotion to duty are in keeping with the highest traditions of military service and reflect great credit on him, his unit, and the United States Army.

He founded Zeon Properties in Penang in November 2012 and is the current CEO. It is positioned as a real estate agency that helps clients invest, sell, or lease residential and commercial properties in the market. Besides real estate and marketing, the company also specialises in real estate investment advisory, foreign direct investment, international project marketing, retail and planning consultancy. It sources for the best property and infrastructure opportunities, and works with investment partners to fund investment opportunities. It is also involved in the Malaysia My Second Home programme, property development and management, offering the best of services with the highest professionalism and efficiency to help enhance the property value over time. Just a year after the founding of Zeon Properties, Leon successfully negotiated with the publisher of the largest English daily in Malaysia - Star Media Group Berhad - and became the event partner of the corporation's long-running property fair, StarProperty.my Fair. After teaming up with Star Media Group for four years, Leon moved on to work with Guang Ming Daily, one of the largest northern region Chinese newspaper in Malaysia, to hold the Guang Ming Property Fair in 2017. Ten property developers rode the week-long fair to promote their projects, while Zeon Properties provided a myriad of entertainment to keep the attention of the crowd, including a cheongsam fashion show and live entertainment performances. Wanting to offer a plethora of properties for buyers to choose from, Leon negotiated with property developers and as of 2017, became the marketing partner of more than 90 property projects.

She was born with a disfigured hand and a disease called scrofula. When she was a baby, her mother died. Germaine's father married again, but her new stepmother was cruel to Germaine. Germaine's stepmother did not want the other children to contract scrofula, so she talked her husband into keeping Germaine away from the house. When she was very young she started to be a shepherdess. At night she slept in the stable or on vine branches in a roof space. In early ages she learned to practice humility and patience. She was not lonely because she had a gift with a sense of presence of God and other spiritual things. Her food was bread and water. She loved Jesus and the Virgin Mary. She went to church every day. When she heard the church bell ring, she put her staff on the ground and left the sheep in the care of Jesus while she was in mass. Even though the flock was near a forest filled with wolves, the sheep were never harmed. After heavy rains or the snow melted, it was hard to cross to go to church. Her only book was the Rosary, and she had great devotion to the Angelus. Several times people saw the water make a passageway for Germaine to cross without wetting her cloths. She helped the poor by sharing her bread with them. One day Germaine's father forbade her wife to treat Germaine cruelly, and gave Germaine a place in the house. Germaine begged to be allowed to keep her humbler way of life. Now, when everyone began to realize Germaine's holiness, she died. She had not awoken at her usual hour one early summer morning of 1601, so her father went to look for her. He found her dead on the vine branches. She was 22 years old. She was buried in front of the stand in the Church of Pibrac.

In 1979, he released a soundtrack album, Journey Through The Secret Life Of Plants for a documentary The Secret Life Of Plants. The album used a computer melodian virtually throughout. The album contain the No.1 ballad "Send One Your Love". The album had been called "odd" "goofy" "nerdy" and "foolish". Wonder blamed Motown for not promoting the album properly. In 1980, Wonder released Hotter Than July which included "I Ain't Gonna stand For It", a country-style song about a man whose property has been repeatedly trespassed, "Master Blaster (Jammin')", a reggae tune dedicated to Bob Marley, "Lately", a ballad and "Happy Birthday", a song in memory of Martin Luther King Jr used for Wonder's campaign to make Luther's birthday a national holiday. His next was a greatest hits album titled "Original Musiquarium I" featuring 4 new singles "That Girl", "Do I Do", "Front Line" and "Ribbon in The Sky". In 1983, Wonder contributed "Stay Gold" to the drama "The Outsiders". He then scheduled an album to be titled People Work, Human Play. The album never surfaced and instead 1984 saw the release of his next soundtrack album The Woman in Red.It spawned the hit single "I Just Called to Say I Love You" which reached number one in all the countries with charts at the time, therefore becoming his bestselling record. It was Wonder's only number one in the UK. It was number one there for six weeks. In 1985 Wonder released the digital album In Square Circle and featured on Dionne Warwick's single "That's What Friends Are For" with Elton John and Gladys Knight. It reached number one in the US. Wonder shared the Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo Or Group With Vocal. In 1987 Wonder released the album Characters which featured hit singles "Skeletons" and "You Will Know", but was subject to mixed reception. Michael Jackson's album "Bad" was released. Wonder featured on the album's fifth song "Just Good Friends". In December 1987 Wonder released a single called "Get It", a duet with MJ in turn for Just Good Friends.

The York & Malton franchise was also rated outstanding in 2018. The CQC reported: ‘The culture at Home Instead Senior Care is exceptionally open, honest and caring, demonstrating a commitment to putting their clients and staff at the heart of everything they do.’ Home Instead Senior Care North Oxfordshire, which provides personal care to 36 people living in their own homes in the community was rated outstanding by the Care Quality Commission in 2019. Their report said "We received overwhelmingly positive feedback from people, relatives and professionals on how staff had developed caring relationships with people and their relatives." Visits were over an hour, which is unusual in the sector. Home Instead Senior Care Canary Wharf was inspected in March 2018 and rated outstanding. The inspector reported that " Two hour minimum visits allowed people and their care workers the opportunity to develop highly positive and caring relationships that took into account people's individual needs and interests." Comitis L11 Limited, which trades as Home Instead Senior Care Brentwood was inspected in August 2018 and rated outstanding. It gives personal care to 80 people living in their own homes. The inspector reported that "People were supported to have maximum choice and control of their lives and staff supported them in the least restrictive way possible; the policies and systems in the service supported this practice." Home Instead Senior Care in Havant, Hampshire was rated outstanding at its first inspection and Debbie Westhead, the Care Quality Commission interim chief inspector for Adult Social Care, said she was delighted to be able to congratulate Home Instead Senior Care for another overall ‘Outstanding’ rating and that the quality of care which their inspectors found was exceptional.

On March 30, the JMA began monitoring an area of low pressure southwest of Yap. By April 2, the system developed a low-level circulation, though convection appeared disorganized. Exhibiting good outflow within a region of weak wind shear, the low was anticipated to develop further over the following several days as it drifted west-northwestward. After briefly stalling early on April 3, the storm turned towards the east. Additionally, the JMA considered the system sufficiently organized to be declared a tropical depression. As the system was to the west of 135°E, PAGASA began issuing advisories on the depression as well, assigning it the name "Amang". Tracking northeastward, the depression eventually developed enough convection to be declared Tropical Depression 02W by the JTWC on April 4. However, this was expected to be brief as a decaying frontal boundary approached from the west and prompted the system to undergo an extratropical transition. This intensification prompted the National Weather Service (NWS) in Tiyan, Guam to issue a tropical storm warning for the islands of Agrihan, Pagan and Alamagan. Interacting with the front and high wind shear, the system became partially exposed and elongated as it moved over cooler waters. Early on April 6, the JTWC issued their final advisory on the depression as it began to dissipate over open waters. Following degradation of the storm's structure, the NWS discontinued warnings for the Mariana Islands on April 6. The JMA continued to monitor the system for several more hours before ceasing advisories on it as well.

Executive producers Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse stated that they "always envisioned "Lost" as a show with a beginning, middle, and end," and that by announcing when the show would end that viewers would "have the security of knowing that the story will play out as we've intended." Lindelof and Cuse stated that securing the 2010 series-end date "was immensely liberating" and helped the series rediscover its focus. Lindelof noted, "We're no longer stalling." The producers also planned to wrap up long-standing mysteries, such as the nature of the smoke monster, the reason the Dharma periodic resupply drops continue after the purge, and the "bird" from "Exodus Pt. 2" and "Live Together, Die Alone Pt. 1". While the destruction of the four-toed statue of Taweret was revealed in the ninth episode of the final season, Lindelof hinted that the identity of the statue's builders would not be addressed. The producer also indicated that Walt's unusual abilities may be explained, although not necessarily with the character's direct involvement. In a podcast, Cuse and Lindelof stated that they would explain the "Rules" first stated in an episode in season four, but only those that are "important for the narrative they are telling." Matthew Fox said in an interview that in the final season, the characters of Jack Shephard and John Locke "will come head to head." It was also claimed that a third of the way through the final season, the two timelines would be "solidified into one" and "will be very linear – no more flashbacks, nothing;" however this was still not the case by the season midpoint. He also claimed to be the only cast member to know the ending of the series, though Lindelof has clarified that Fox only knew things that were relevant to his character.

In 1935 the art section was changed into Art Museum, in 1947 it was called State Museum of Armenia and from 1991 it was renamed as National Gallery of Armenia. In 1978 a new 8 storey building was put into exploitation. Now the collection of the NGA includes about 26.000 museum exhibits and the building has 56 exposition halls in which there are presented the museums treasures by temporary and permanent exhibitions.
Armenian art presents the considerable part of the exposition. It begins with ancient and Medieval Art: Urartu frescoes, with valuable documental copies of Garni temple’s mosaics and Medieval wall-paintings and miniatures, also Clerical paintings of XVII-XIX centuries, silver book-covers of manuscripts, crosses, etc.
The exposition is continued by the works of Armenian classics /H.Hovnatanian, H.Ayvazovski, G.Bashinjaghian, P.Terlemezian, V.Sureniants, V.Mahokian / by works of XX century artists /M.Saryan, H.Kojoyan, H.Gurdjian, E.Chahin, G.Khanjian, M.Avetisian and by works of other remarkable artists /.
Russian art is representative in the collection of NGA. Here you can see sacred images of XVI-XVII centuries and works of XVIII-XX centuries well known artists F. Rokotov, I.Argunov, F.Shubin, I.Repin,V.Serov,M.Goncharova,I.Mashkov,S.Konenkov,W.Kandinski,M.Chagal, etc.
In the halls of foreign art the exposition begins with the culture of Ancient World Egypt and Greece. Here there are presented works by well-known artists of Italian, Holland, Flemish and French art schools /F. Guerchino, Jan Van Goyen, P. Claesz, E. M. Falconet, J. B.Greuze, T.Rousseau, A. Monticelli/.

The Whiskey Ring was the largest scandal and involved widespread fraud. Grant had appointed an army friend John MacDonald as an Internal Revenue Service supervisor for the St. Louis area. In return for bribes, whisky distillers paid taxes only on a small portion of the whiskey they produced. They were cheating the U.S. government out of millions of dollars a year. MacDonald kept some of the money while some of it went to the Republican Party. The Whiskey Ring was paying some officials a regular salary to keep them from talking. Benjamin Bristow, the Secretary of the Treasury at the time, had no idea this was going on. Each time he sent inspectors on a raid to check out suspected cheaters, their records were always in good order. Bristow had no idea someone in his office was telling them in advance who was to be inspected. Meanwhile, Grant accepted expensive gifts from MacDonald not suspecting he was running a fraud scheme. MacDonald even told his friends in St. Louis that Grant was in on the scheme. In 1875, MacDonald and more than 350 distillers and government officials were indicted. This included Grant's personal secretary Orville Babcock. He was the one keeping ring members informed of any inspections. At his trial, witnesses lied and even President Grant wrote a letter stating Babcock was of good character. As a result, Babcock was exonerated of the charges, but the scandal prevented him from going back to his job in Washington. Of those accused, 60 paid fines while MacDonald and two others went to prison. The Whiskey Ring proved to most Americans that Grant's administration was filled with corruption.

In 1974, Marvin returned officially to touring after a four-year sabbatical following the death of Tammi Terrell and began to suffer from the effects of a long-developing cocaine addiction, which started in the late sixties. Marvin went a year without producing a record though through yet another new Motown contract, he built a recording studio in the middle of Sunset Boulevard. In 1976, Marvin released the erotic "I Want You" album, an album that had been delayed by his first wife, Anna Gordy's divorce case against him. The divorce was finalized after Marvin agreed to remit a portion of his royalties from his next album to Ms. Gordy. The result was the controversial "Here, My Dear" project, which came out in early 1979 after two years of holding the project from release. Marvin recorded a disco hit in 1977 titled "Got to Give It Up". The song hit number-one marking his third pop hit to reach the spot and his twelfth on the R&B side. It would end up being his last major hit with the Motown label. Following the release of "Here, My Dear", the album tanked and Marvin, already run dry by dwindling finances, numerous lawsuits, a troubling marriage to a second wife and an even more troubling cocaine addiction, eventually left his wife, three children, and the U.S. settling first in Hawaii and then settling in London in 1980 after a European promoter advised him to tour Europe. Recording most of his final Motown release, "In Our Lifetime", in London, the album was rush-released by Motown in early 1981 much to Marvin's chagrin: he complained that the label had edited certain songs, including one that seemed unfinished, and had taken off a question mark that he put at the end of the title to ask a question about life. Marvin stated he would no longer record for Motown and was granted his wish when CBS Records brought him out of his contract in April 1982.

The historical rationale for the division between the majority St. Thomas Christians and minority Knanaya traces the divide to the figure of Thomas of Cana, a Syrian merchant who led a group of 72 Jewish-Christian immigrant families, a bishop named Uraha Mar Yausef, and clergymen from Mesopotamia to settle in Cranganore, India in the 4th century (some sources place these events as late as the 9th century). This may reflect a historical migration of East Syrian Christians to India around this time, which established the region's relationship with the Church of the East.In the commonly accepted accounts of this history, the Knanaya are the descendants of Thomas of Cana and his followers, while the Northists descend from the local Christian body which had been converted by Thomas the Apostle centuries earlier. The "Oxford History of the Christian Church" states the following about the division: 
"In time, Jewish Christians of the most exclusive communities descended from settlers who accompanied Knayil Thomma (Kanayi) became known as ‘Southists’ (Tekkumbha ̄gar)...They distinguished between themselves and ‘Northists’ (Vatakkumbha ̄gar). The ‘Northists’, on the other hand, claimed direct descent from the very oldest Christians of the country, those who had been won to Christ by the Apostle Thomas himself. They had already long inhabited northern parts of Kodungallur. They had been there even before various waves of newcomers had arrived from the Babylonian or Mesopotamian provinces of Sassanian Persia."

The "Timão" was always one of the most important clubs in Brazil. But the Corinthians Democracy movement was unique in world football. Through organisation, team spirit and democracy, they did something no other team has managed before or since. When players as politically and socially conscientious as Sócrates, Wladimir, Casagrande and Zenon get together then there are bound to be changes in the dressing room. Those four stars were the driving force behind the greatest ideological movement in the history of Brazilian football: Corinthians Democracy. And this in the middle of the country's military dictatorship. Corinthians Democracy did something that seemed impossible. Through football, the most popular sport in the country, they got people talking about all sorts of important and relevant questions concerning society, democracy and the end of military rule. In addition to that not inconsiderable feat, they showed that it was possible to create a society in which everyone's opinions are heard and respected and where democracy, through the imposition of the wishes of the majority, could prevail. They won the Paulista Championship in 1982 and 1983, beating city rivals São Paulo both times. In 1982, they battled back after losing the first game 3-2 to take the next two matches 1-0 and 3-1 and lift the trophy. The next year they won again, thanks to a series of brilliant performances from Sócrates. The good doctor scored all the team's goals in the semi-finals against Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras (1-1 and 1-0) as well as in the final against São Paulo Futebol Clube (1-0 and 1-1). His four goals brought the team their 19th Paulista Championship.

At the start of the movie, Peter Parker is a very smart teenager, who lives with his Aunt May and Uncle Ben. He is friends with Harry Osborn and Mary Jane Watson. Peter has loved Mary Jane since he was young. Peter is bullied at school by the other teenagers. On a school trip Peter is accidentally bitten by a spider that had been mutated (or changed) in a science study. This allows him to climb up walls, make spider webs come from his wrists, jump high, move fast and become very strong. Peter uses his powers to fight the bully Flash Thompson and beats him up. When Ben finds out, he teaches Peter that "with great power comes great responsibility." Peter ignores Ben and uses his powers to win a wrestling competition, to win prize money to impress Mary Jane. However, the cashier does not pay Peter what he said he would. A criminal steals a lot of money from the cashier and runs off. Peter does not try to catch the criminal, as revenge for not getting paid as much as he wanted. The criminal then steals Ben's car and shoots Ben. Peter returns to find Ben shot, and Ben dies in his arms. Peter angrily sets off to capture the killer. When he does, he is horrified to find that the man is the same criminal he refused to stop. From then on, Peter becomes Spider-Man and vows to fight crime, using Ben's words to their fullest. Peter takes a job as a photographer at the "Daily Bugle" selling photos to J. Jonah Jameson, who seems to be jealous of Spider-Man and makes Spider-Man look bad in the paper.

Eventually, after completing tasks like saving an artificial forest from dying and helping an insane artist build his sculpture, Jack confronts Ryan in his office, who is playing golf. Ryan reveals a truth that he has pieced together. He is Ryan's illegitimate son by an affair with Jasmine Jolene, a dancer. When Jolene became pregnant with Jack, she, in desperate need of money, had her embryo surgically removed and sold it to the highest bidder. She had not realized it was Frank Fontaine who purchased the son, leading to her death by an angry Ryan. Ryan further reveals that, after purchasing Jack's embryo, Fontaine made him to obey orders when he is told "Would you kindly..." Jack was then sent to the surface when the war started to put him beyond Ryan's reach. When the conflict between Fontaine and Ryan reached a stalemate, Jack was sent instructions to board a flight with a package and to use its contents, a revolver, to hijack and crash the plane near the lighthouse, enabling him to return to Rapture as a tool of Fontaine. Because Jack was Ryan's son, he could freely use Rapture's bathysphere network, which had been locked out to everyone except those within Ryan's "genetic ballpark". Finally, Ryan has Jack kill him, wanting to die on his own terms. With Ryan's death, Jack realizes too late that Atlas has also been using the trigger phrase to control him. Atlas reveals himself as Fontaine, who faked his death to throw Ryan off his trail and take control of the city, leaving Jack at the mercy of the reactivated security systems. Dr. Tenenbaum and her Little Sisters help Jack escape through the vent system, where he falls and loses consciousness.

Potter was born on 28 July 1866 in England and she was then raised and eventually grew up in Kensington, London during the early childhood stages of her life. She was somehow and pretty well-off and her whole family was also quite rich and even became extremely wealthy overnight at the next and in between the period of time from directly onwards and just shortly at right after when her father Rupert William Potter, who had also great multi-artistic talents and was also an adept amateur photographer, had wisely invested a large part of their family income and hard-earned savings in the stock exchange market during the early 1890's. She was also surrounded as well as highly taught and intellectually educated by many governesses while throughout and during her growing teenage and adolescent years. Although, she did not have as many friends at while all throughout and at during in her entire lifetime period and longtime writing career, but she did rather was surrounded by the beautiful mother nature and on while on the contrary and also on the other hand, she otherwise had rather been surrounded up by many loving pets, including Benjamin and Peter, 2 favorite pet rabbits, the latter of which would be her prominent basis and much favorable namesake for her very first and most beloved storybook character mascot. She had also spent most of her happy holidays in Scotland and the Lake District. There, she eventually began to learn to love nature, plants and animals, by which she had also carefully sketched, artistically illustrated and creatively painted and also thus on became interested at painting and favorably loved to paint pictures of them.

Following a dental problem, Mark delayed the start of his 2010 season until the 2010 Ruta del Sol, in mid-February. Following the lay off his form was poor, and he failed to defend his victory at the 2010 Milan – San Remo. He was in six minutes after the leaders, down in 89th place. Cavendish's pre-season goals were to win the green jersey in the Tour de France and win the Road Race at the 2010 World Championships. Mark also said that he will race in the 2010 Tour of Flanders but said he will not win it, stating that the Tour of Flanders requires training, but he sees himself winning it in the future.
Following a poor start to the season, Cavendish found form at the 2010 Volta a Catalunya, finishing seventh in the opening time-trial and winning stage 2. His team withdrew Cavendish from the Tour of Romandie after he made an offensive gesture after winning the second stage. Missing the 2010 Giro d'Italia, Cavendish instead chose to compete at the 2010 Tour of California starting on 16 May 2010, where he won the first stage for only his third victory of the season. On 15 June Cavendish crashed heavily whilst sprinting in the closing metres of the 4th stage of the Tour of Switzerland, appearing to veer off line and bring down Heinrich Haussler and several other riders, raising criticism from other teams regarding his riding style. Cavendish entered the 2010 Tour de France. During Stage 1, Cavendish crashed out of the final sprint, with just under 3 km remaining in the stage. Overhead camera footage showed Cavendish failing to negotiate a corner after entering too fast and turning too late. He then leaned his shoulder into a fellow rider as he travelled away from the apex. Cavendish returned to form by winning the Stage 5, Stage 6, Stage 11, Stage 18 and Stage 20, bringing his career total to 15 stage wins. He ended up second in the points classification, 11 points behind Alessandro Petacchi. Cavendish's next race was the 2010 Vuelta a España, in which his team won the opening team time trial. Cavendish crossed the line first and took the leader's jersey. He could only place second or third on the subsequent sprint stages, but returned to form later in the race winning stages 12, 13, 18 and the green jersey points classification.

This medium-sized snake is usually long, but they can grow to a maximum length of though this is rare. The dorsal color of the Chinese cobra is usually brown, grey or black, with or without narrow, light transverse lines at irregular intervals which are especially prominent in juveniles. The head on this species is broad, slightly triangular in shape and is slightly distinct from the neck. The dorsal scales are smooth and glossy, while the dorsolateral scales are strongly oblique. This is a heavy bodied snake, the body is slightly flattened, and may be significantly flattened when threatened, and it has a short tail. The nostrils of this species are large and prominent. The eyes are medium-sized and the iris is a dark dirty yellow dappled with gray-black or blue-black and the pupil is round and jet black. Like other elapids, this is a proteroglyphous snake with fangs that are permanently erect and are located at the anterior of the upper jaw. The upper head is usually the same color as the tail and dorsal part of the body, while the sides of the head are lighter in colour. Specimens with other colors on their dorsal surface, such as white, yellow or brown do occur. There may be irregular or scattered crosslines of white to light gray along the upper body and a spectacle marking on the hood, however, the hood markings may vary from partial figures to asymmetrical patterns. The ventral head and neck are white to light gray or light orange in colour. The ventral face of the hood may have a pair of small dark spots followed by a dark transverse band.

Jackson started his professional career performing with his older brothers Jackie, Tito, Jermaine, and Marlon in The Jackson 5 in 1964. In 1971, he started a solo career while also being a member of The Jackson 5. During that period, he released four solo studio albums "Got to Be There" (1972), "Ben" (1972), "Music & Me" (1973), and "Forever, Michael" (1975). He released the best-selling album of all time, "Thriller" in 1982, with estimated sales of 60 million copies worldwide. The video for "Thriller" showed him dancing like a zombie and other dancers around him were zombies as well. "Thriller" includes famous songs like "Beat It" and "Billie Jean". The popularity of these videos helped bring the television channel MTV to fame. Jackson wrote other well-known songs such as <nowiki>"</nowiki>Bad<nowiki>"</nowiki>, "Black or White", "Heal the World", and "Earth Song". Through music videos and live performances, he is known for popularizing dance moves such as the robot and the moonwalk. He won many awards and broke records. Guinness World Records says he is the most successful entertainer of all time. Jackson is also remembered for giving money to charities and pioneering efforts in charitable fundraising in the entertainment industry. Jackson traveled the world attending events honoring his humanitarianism, and, in 2000, the "Guinness World Records" recognized him for supporting 39 charities, more than any other entertainer. He is one of the best-selling music artists in history, with worldwide sales approaching 400 million records.

Tokio Hotel was started by singer Bill Kaulitz and guitarist Tom Kaulitz, who are identical twin brothers. Their step father owns a music school named "Rock School". The drummer is Gustav Schäfer and bass-guitarist is Georg Listing. The four met in 2001 after a live show in a Magdeburg club, where Listing and Schäfer, who knew each other from music school, watched from the audience while Bill and Tom Kaulitz played on the stage. Using the name "Devilish", the band began playing in talent shows and small concerts. After Bill Kaulitz took part in a children's Star Search in 2003 at age thirteen (which he lost in the quarter-final), he was discovered by music producer Peter Hoffmann. Devilish changed their name to "Tokio Hotel": "Tokio", the German spelling of the Japanese city Tokyo, because they love the city, and "Hotel" because of their constant touring and living in hotels. Soon after Sony BMG took them under contract, Hoffmann hired David Jost and Pat Benzner into the team. They guided the teens on songwriting and instrument playing. Most of the songs of the first album were written by Hoffmann, Jost, Benzer, and Bill Kaulitz (including the singles "Scream" and "Rescue me" which were completely written by them). Only the single "Unendlichkeit" was written completely by Tokio Hotel themselves. However, shortly before release of their first album, Sony ended their contract. In 2005, Universal Music Group took Tokio Hotel under contract and developed a marketing plan. The band has now become one of the biggest acts from Germany.